title:	18th Century French Aesthetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fplato.stanford.edu%2Fentries%2Faesthetics-18th-french%2F
desc:	JacquesMorizot'sentryexaminestheFrenchjunctionbetweenEnlightenmentidealsandtheteachingsoftaste.FromtheStanfordEncyclopediaofPhilosophy.

title:	Aesthetic Judgment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fplato.stanford.edu%2Fentries%2Faesthetic-judgment%2F
desc:	Philosophicaltheoriesaboutjudgmentsoftaste;fromtheStanfordEncyclopediabyNickZangwill.

title:	Aesthetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iep.utm.edu%2Faestheti%2F
desc:	BarryHartleySlatergivesanoverviewofthisbranchofphilosophyexplainingconceptssuchassublime,representation,aestheticvalue,andexpression.FromtheInternetEncyclopediaofPhilosophy.

title:	Aesthetics of Symmetry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.earthlink.net%2F%7Ejdc24%2Fsymmetry.htm
desc:	Anumericalratingsystemtojudgethevisualimpactandaestheticsofvariousmotifsoperateduponbysymmetricaltransformations.

title:	African Art: Aesthetics and Meaning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.lib.virginia.edu%2Fartsandmedia%2Fartmuseum%2Fafricanart%2Findex.html
desc:	UniversityofVirginiaexhibitionsiteemphasizingtheformalaestheticaspectsoftheobjectsandthemoralandreligiousideastheyexpress,beyondculturalboundaries.

title:	Beauty in the Ear of the Beholder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbeautymatters.blogspot.com%2F2000_01_02_beautymatters_archive.html
desc:	AnessaydiscussingEduardHanslick'stheoryofthemusicallybeautiful,withlinkstofurtherinformationandsoundrecordings.

title:	Beauty Matters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbeautymatters.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Articlesandteachingresourcesonaesthetics,visualart,fashionandthecultureofbeauty.

title:	Class Home Page: Philosophy 361 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csulb.edu%2F%7Ejvancamp%2F361%2F
desc:	CompletePhilosophyofArtinternetcourseatCaliforniaStateUniversity,LongBeach.Includese-textsandextensivelinks.

title:	Contemporary Art Test 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biddingtons.com%2Fcontent%2Fshechtertest.html
desc:	Criteriafordeterminingqualityincontemporaryart.LinkstoBiddington'sartbusiness.

title:	The Enchantment of Modern Life: Attachments, Crossings, and Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fndpr.nd.edu%2Fnews%2F23396%2F%3Fid%3D1260
desc:	StanleyBatesreviewsthisbookbyJaneBennett.FromNotreDamePhilosophicalReviews.

title:	The End of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffaculty.frostburg.edu%2Fphil%2Fforum%2FArt.htm
desc:	Discussionof"TheDeathofArt"theoryatFrostburgStateUniversityPhilosophicalForum.

title:	The Infography - Aesthetics: Ethical Aspects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infography.com%2Fcontent%2F411158825462.html
desc:	Sourcesforthestudyoftheethicalaspectsofaesthetics.

title:	Japanese Aesthetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fplato.stanford.edu%2Fentries%2Fjapanese-aesthetics%2F
desc:	OverviewofthemostimportantaestheticideasthathaveariseninthecourseoftheJapanesephilosophicaltradition.FromtheStanfordEncyclopediaofPhilosophy.

title:	John Berger Quotes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthinkexist.com%2Fquotes%2Fjohn_berger
desc:	QuotationsfromthewritingsoftheMarxist/humanistartcritic,artistandnovelist.

title:	Philosophy and Literature 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuse.jhu.edu%2Fjournal%2F158
desc:	Includingideasintheaestheticsofliterature,philosophicalinterpretationofliterature,andliterarytreatmentofphilosophy,hostedbyProjectMUSE.

title:	Seven Discourses on Art by Sir Joshua Reynolds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gutenberg.org%2Febooks%2F2176
desc:	DownloadtheProjectGutenbergeBookofSevenDiscoursesonArtbySirJoshuaReynolds.

title:	Terrain Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.terraingallery.org%2F
desc:	BasedonthephilosophicprinciplesofAestheticRealism,foundedbyEliSiegel.LocatedinSoHo,NewYorkCity.

title:	theasif.info 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheasif.info%2F
desc:	Exploringvirtualrealityandthephilosophyofart,withmethodology,biography,andessaysonvirtuality.

title:	Thomas Becker's Philosophy about Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tbecker.net%2Fmain%2Fphilosophy-english.htm
desc:	Composer,ThomasBecker'sideasaboutbeautyandqualityinmusic.

title:	Transcendental Aesthetics and Writing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftranscendentalism-legacy.tamu.edu%2F
desc:	Aestheticsintranscendentalliterature,includingEmersonandThoreau.

title:	The Transhistorical Image: Philosophizing Art and its History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fndpr.nd.edu%2Fnews%2F23300%2F%3Fid%3D1210
desc:	DanielHerwitzreviewsthisbookbyPaulCrowther.FromNotreDamePhilosophicalReviews.

title:	Trevor Pateman's Selected Works 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAesthetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.selectedworks.co.uk%2F
desc:	Topicsinphilosophicalaestheticsincludingimagination,formalism,beautyandRothko.

