title:	CIA World Factbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2F
desc:	U.S.governmentprofilesofcountriesandterritoriesaroundtheworld.Informationongeography,people,government,transportation,economy,communications,military,andtransnationalissues.

title:	BBC Country Profiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.bbc.co.uk%2F2%2Fhi%2Fcountry_profiles%2Fdefault.stm
desc:	Providesguidetohistory,politicsandeconomicbackgroundofnumerouscountries.AlsoincludesaudioandvideoclipsfromtheBBCarchives.

title:	City Population 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.citypopulation.de%2F
desc:	Statisticaltablesandmapsfortheprincipalcitiesandagglomerationsoftheworld.

title:	Eldis Country and Region Profiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eldis.org%2Fcountry%2F
desc:	Searchforinformationoneconomic,politicalandenvironmentalissuesincountriesthroughouttheworld.

title:	Island Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fislands.unep.ch%2Fisldir.htm
desc:	Basicenvironmentalandgeographicinformationonthesignificantislandsoftheworld.

title:	National Geographic: Travel & Cultures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftravel.nationalgeographic.com%2Ftravel%2F
desc:	Includesphotos,maps,videos,flagsandfacts,allindexedbycontinentandcountry.

title:	NationMaster.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2F
desc:	Providescountryandregionalgraphsanddescriptivestatisticsbasedongeography,military,economy,crime,education,andtransportation.

title:	Nations Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsonline.org%2F
desc:	Acomprehensiveportaltositesinvariouscountriesthroughouttheworld.

title:	UNdata 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdata.un.org%2FCountryProfile.aspx
desc:	StatisticalprofilesofcountriescompiledbytheUnitedNations;witheconomic,socialandenvironmentalindicators.

title:	Ei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FVoeding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ei.be%2F
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners/Adolescenten]
Allerleiweetjesoverhetconsumptieei.Informatieovereenei,watbetekentdestempelophetei,nieuwsenrecepten.

title:	Maple Leaf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FVoeding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.online.nl%2Fml.kauwgom%2F
desc:	[Kinderen]
HoekauwgomgemaaktwordtindeAmsterdamsekauwgomfabriek.Gescheidenis,jaartallen,spreekbeurt,kauwgomplaatjes,spelletjesenverhalen.

title:	Wyspy Owcze 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FPolski%2FRegionalne%2FEuropa%2FWyspy_Owcze&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wyspy-owcze.pl%2F
desc:	PrzewodnikprywatnegocentruminformacjiturystycznejTramp.

title:	Bedplassen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bedplassen.org%2F
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners/Adolescenten]
Thomasvan11jaarkrijgthierantwoordopzijnvraagoverbedplassen,hebjijookeenvraag?Alshetnietopdezesitestaat,isereenmogelijkheidomhemgewoontestellen!

title:	Hoe werkt mijn lichaam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoewerktmijnlichaam.nl%2F
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners]
Studentengevenantwoordopvragenoverhetmenselijklichaam.

title:	Jogos de Tabuleiro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=World%2FPortugu%C3%AAs%2FJogos&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fab%2Fjogos%2F
desc:	Abrangediversosjogos,comoxadrez,Waredamas,entreoutros.Artigos,entrevistascomcriadoreselinks.

title:	Kidsplanet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=world&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FZoeken_op_het_Net&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidsplanet.nl%2F
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners]
Overzichtvanhetinternetmetnieuwssportenspellen.

title:	Meestersipke.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=world&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FZoeken_op_het_Net&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internetwijzer-bao.nl%2Fmeestersipke%2F
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners]
Zoekmachinevoorkinderen,waarookoudersenlerarenkunnenzoeken.

title:	De nationale mediasite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=world&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FZoeken_op_het_Net&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalemediasite.nl%2Fkids.php
desc:	[Kinderen]
Linkpaginavoorkinderen.

title:	Netwijs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=world&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FZoeken_op_het_Net&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netwijs.nl%2F
desc:	[Kinderen]
Zoekmachinevoorkinderen.Indezoekmachinestaanmeerdanduizendlinksnaarwebsitesdiespeciaalvoorjulliezijngemaakt.

title:	Wroet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=world&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FZoeken_op_het_Net&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wroet.nl%2F
desc:	[Kinderen]
Visuelezoekmachinevoorgroep1t/m3vandebasisschoolhelptkinderenbijdeontwikkelingenuitbreidingvanhunwoord-entaalbegrip.

title:	Blixum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=teen_life&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FTieners&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blixum.nl%2F
desc:	[Tieners/Adolescenten]
JongerensitevandeprovincieZuid-Hollandmetinformatieoverschoolenstudie,werk,geld,drugs,alcohol,vriendschap,liefdeenseksenvrijetijdenuitgaan.

title:	Bureau Jeugdzorg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=teen_life&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FTieners&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bureaujeugdzorg.info%2F
desc:	[Tieners/Adolescenten]
Geeftinformatie,advies,hulpenadressenwaarjeterechtkunt.

title:	JIP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=teen_life&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FTieners&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jip.org%2F
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners/Adolescenten]
JongerenInformatiePunt,informatieoververschillendeonderwerpenalswerken&geld,seks,drugs,school,etc.

title:	Jongeren.blog.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=teen_life&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FTieners&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjongeren.blog.nl%2F
desc:	[Tieners/Adolescenten]
Nieuwsvoorendoorjongeren.

title:	4Kids2Play 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FSpellen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.4kids2play.nl%2F
desc:	[Kinderen]
GroteverzamelingorigineleFlash-spellen,puzzels,e-cards,interactievekleurplatenenscreensavers.

title:	Het hof der spelen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FSpellen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hethofderspelen.nl%2F
desc:	[Kinderen]
Kleineverzamelingeducatievespellenovervormen,taal,rekenenenhetmenselijklichaam.

title:	KIDS! Spelletjes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FSpellen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalemediasite.nl%2Fkidsspellen.php
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners]
Bevateenlegpuzzel,galgje,break-out,driememory-spellenendrieversiesvantetris.Verderlinksnaaranderesitesmetkinderspellen.

title:	Jeugdbieb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FSchool%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jeugdbieb.nl%2F
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners]
Hierzijnlinkstevindendievoorkinderenbruikbaareninteressantofalleenmaarleukzijn.

title:	Cambiumned 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FSchool%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cambiumned.nl%2F
desc:	[Tieners/Adolescenten]
LinkenvoorhetNederlandsonderwijs.Gesorteerdoponderwerpzoalsschrijvers,cabaret,literatuurenoefeningen.

title:	Huiswerkservice zoekmachine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FInternational%2FNederlands%2FSchool%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huiswerkservice.nl%2F
desc:	[Kinderen/Tieners/Adolescenten]
Ophetwebwordtgerichtgezochtnaarwerkstukken,verslagenenrecentiesoverdedoorjouopgevenonderwerpen.

title:	Association of Chinese Canadian Entrepreneurs (ACCE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acce.ca%2F
desc:	OfferssupporttoChineseCanadiansintheirownbusinessventures.Featureseventsformembers,articles,andlinkstogovernmentagencies.

title:	Banana Boys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bananaboys.com%2F
desc:	CompanionsitetothenovelaboutagroupofChinesemalesrecountingthepastandbringingtolightissuestheyfacedwhilegrowingupinCanadiansociety.Featuringreviewsandinformationabouttheauthor.

title:	Canada Chinese Computer Association (CCCA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theccca.com%2F
desc:	Anincorporatednon-profitorganizationthatservestopromotetheinterestsoftheChinesecomputerbusinesscommunity.Providesmemberarea,creditassessmentservices,charitableinvolvementlist,anddetailsofspecialevents.

title:	Canadian Chinese Alliance Churches Association (CCACA ) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccaca.org%2F
desc:	FellowshipofAlliancechurchesdedicatedtoenhancingChineseministries,churches,andmissionsinCanada.Featuresnews,resources,contactinformation,andlinkstomembers.

title:	Canadian Chinese KuoShu Federation (CCKSF) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wushu.ca%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationdedicatedtofosteringtraditionalChinesemartialartswithresourcesandlinkstoschoolsacrossCanada.

title:	Canadian Chinese Youth Athletics Association (CCYAA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccyaa.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationwhichstrivestopromotesports,fair-play,andasenseofcommunityforChineseyouthinathletics.

title:	Chinese Canadian Advertising, Marketing & Media Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccamma.com%2F
desc:	Organization'smandateistoactasacommunicationbridgebetweentheCanadianmarketersandtheburgeoningChinese-Canadianmarket.

title:	Chinese Canadian Heritage Fund 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cic.sfu.ca%2Fcchf%2F
desc:	Missionistopreserve,record,andpromoteChineseCanadianheritageanditscontributiontothebuildingofCanadiansociety.

title:	Chinese Canadian National Council (London Chapter) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.londonccnc.com%2F
desc:	SiteoftheLondonchapteroftheCCNC.Featuresmembershipandactivityinformation,photosandlinks.

title:	Chinese Cultural Centre of Greater Toronto (CCC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cccgt.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopromotingtheunderstandingofChinesecultureamongstCanadians.Provideslistingsofspecialseventsandclassesformembersofthecentre.

title:	Chinese Cultural Centre of Greater Vancouver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cccvan.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopromotingunderstandingandfriendshipbetweentheChinesecommunityandotherculturalgroupsinCanada.Includesinformationonevents,Chineseschoolenrolment,museum,tours,andbooks.

title:	Chinese Professionals Association of Canada (CPAC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chineseprofessionals.ca%2F
desc:	Organizationworkingtoenhancesocialinteractionandco-operationamongtheprofessionalcommunity.Sitefeaturesforum,events,andjoblistings.

title:	Chinese Society of Nova Scotia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs-ns.com%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationrepresentingtheinterestsoftheethnicChinesecommunityinNovaScotia.Featuresmembershipinformation,eventlistingsandphotos.

title:	Fairchild Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fairchildradio.com%2F
desc:	ChineseCanadianmulticulturalradionetworkwithstationsinToronto,Vancouver,andCalgary.Providesprogramschedulesandinternetsimulcasting.

title:	Federation of Chinese Canadian Professionals (Ontario) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fccpontario.com%2F
desc:	Encouragesinterdisciplinarystudiesamongthevariousprofessions.Featureseventlistings,newsletters,educationandhousingresources.

title:	Hong Kong Canada Business Association (HKCBA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkcba.com%2F
desc:	GoalistopromotecommercialandeconomicactivitiesbetweenCanadaandHongKongbyincreasingbilateraltradethroughdirectcontactandcommunicationbetweenbusinesses.

title:	Toronto Chinese Business Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tcbacanada.com%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationpromotingcommerceandtrade.Includesnewsletter,boardinformation,andeventlistings.

title:	Toronto International Dragon Boat Race Festival 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dragonboats.com%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheannualeventincludingimportantdates,registration,pressreleases,raceresults,andcontactdetails.

title:	United Chinese Community Enrichment Services Society (SUCCESS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.successbc.ca%2F
desc:	AssistsimmigrantstoVancouverwithsettlementinformation,findingemployment,parentingclasses,informationtechnologytraining,familyandyouthcounselling,translationservices,andEnglishlanguagetraining.

title:	Winnipeg Chinese Cultural Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FEastern%2FChinese%2FChinese_Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wcccc.ca%2F
desc:	OrganizationpromotingChineseculturewithinWinnipeg.Featuresnews,classes,membershipinformationandeventlistings.

title:	About.com:  Asian American Culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fasianamculture.about.com%2F
desc:	HasinformationandreviewsonAsianAmericanhistory,publications,politics,andfilm.

title:	Asian American Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asianam.org%2F
desc:	AsianAmericancandidatesandissues.TopicsincludecloseCongressionalraces,votingrecords,Presidentialelections,statisticsofAsianAmericansatcollegesandlawfirms.

title:	Asian-Nation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asian-nation.org%2F
desc:	Discussionsonentertainment,news,culture,history,andsocietyrelatingtotheAsianAmericanpeople.

title:	GoldSea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goldsea.com%2F
desc:	AsianAmericanrelatedcontroversyarticlesandweb-baseddiscussions.

title:	Asian Canadian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asian.ca%2F
desc:	NewsandinformationrelatedtovariousAsiancultural,artistic,educationalandcommunitygroupsbasedinCanada.

title:	Asian Canadian Labour Alliance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Faclaontario.ca%2F
desc:	OrganizationworkstowardsraisingawarenessoflabourissueswithintheAsiancommunity.Featureslocalandinternationalnews.

title:	Asian Community AIDS Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acas.org%2F
desc:	Providessupport,education,andstrengthtoAIDSinfectedAsianCanadians.

title:	AsianCanadian.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asiancanadian.net%2F
desc:	Providesnews,eventsandvariousotherinformationforAsiansacrossthecountry.

title:	CanadaIndian.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canadaindian.com%2F
desc:	FeatureslistingsofbusinessescateringtotheAsianIndiancommunityinCanada.

title:	Canadian Desi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canadiandesi.com%2F
desc:	CommunityportalforSouthAsianslivinginCanada,featuringbulletinboardsandbusinesslistings,immigrationinformationandnewsheadlines.

title:	Japanese Canadian Cultural Centre (JCCC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jccc.on.ca%2F
desc:	Non-profitcommunity-basedorganizationwhichfacilitatestheunderstandingandappreciationofJapaneseheritageandculture.

title:	The Korean-Canadian Couples Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Femo%2Fkccp%2F
desc:	PersonalcommentariesanddiscussionofKorean/Canadianbiculturalrelationships.

title:	National Association of Japanese Canadians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.najc.ca%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoenhancingequalrightsandlibertiesforallpeopleofJapanesedescent,andotherracialandethnicminorities.Haslocalchapters,historyoforganization,newsevents,andcommitteemeetings.

title:	Nikkei National Museum & Cultural Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcentre.nikkeiplace.org%2F
desc:	AnonprofitorganizationfunctioningtoinformpeopleaboutJapaneseCanadiansthroughprogramsandactivities.Missionstatement,history,andmembershipdetailsarepresented.

title:	Soma Selepak 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.khmerottawa.com%2F
desc:	Non-profitKhmer-Canadianculturalorganization.Featurescommunityinformation,eventlistings,photogalleryandculturallinks.

title:	Vietnamese Canadian Federation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-Canadian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietfederation.ca%2F
desc:	CoalitionofVietnameseorganizationslocatedacrossCanada.IncludesinformationabouttheVCF'sactivitiesaswellasresourcespertainingtotheVietnamesepopulationinCanada.

title:	LEAF- VN: Library Education Assistance Foundation for Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leaf-vn.org%2F
desc:	NorthAmericanbasedorganizationworkingtohelptheVietnamesepeopleachieveexcellenceineducationbyprovidingassistanceinthedevelopmentofVietnam'slibrarysystemandservices.

title:	Little Saigon Net / Vietnam Today 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.littlesaigon.com%2F
desc:	Offeringculturalandcommunityactivities,information,adirectoryoflocalbusinesses,VietnameseentertainmentandnewsandlinkstootherVietnamesewebsites.

title:	The S.P.I.R.A.L. Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fspiralfoundation.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoimprovingeducationalandtrainingskillsofyoungpeopleinVietnam.

title:	Viet San Diego Online - San Diego, California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietsandiego.com%2F
desc:	OnlineconnectionofVietnameseresourcesincludingbusiness,trade,advertisement,entertainment,andtravelforU.S.andVietnam.

title:	VietCali 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietcali.com%2F
desc:	Personalpagewitharticlesandlinks.

title:	Vietfun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietfun.com%2F
desc:	Vietnamesesiteofferschat,news,postcards,forums,andpicturegalleriesofvariousVietnamesesingers.

title:	VietGATE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietgate.net%2F
desc:	Searchabledirectory.

title:	Vietnam Embassy, Washington DC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietnamembassy-usa.org%2F
desc:	EmbassyoftheSocialistRepublicofVietnamintheUnitedStates

title:	Vietnamese Business Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vnlisting.com%2F
desc:	AdirectoryofVietnamesebusinessandorganizationsacrossCanadaandtheUSA.

title:	Vietnamese Games Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvn.vinagames.com%2F
desc:	OnlineVietnamesegamesincludeTienLen,Domino,Xapxam,Taitia,XiLac,Caro,CatTe.

title:	Vietnamese Spring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietspring.org%2F
desc:	Vietnameseculturebasedonlegends,literature,religion,music,andothers.

title:	Association of Thai Professionals in America and Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FThai_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atpac.org%2F
desc:	Bylaws,activities,staff,membership,andmoregeneralinformationontheassociation.

title:	United States Muay Thai Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FThai_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usmta.com%2F
desc:	Informationonthismartialart,includingitshistory,weaponsused,videos,andschools.

title:	The American Turkish Society Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk%2FTurkish_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanturkishsociety.org%2F
desc:	Non-profit,foundedin1949toformculturalandcommercialbonds.

title:	American-Turkish Association of Washington, D.C. (ATA-DC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk%2FTurkish_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atadc.org%2F
desc:	Anon-political,non-profitorganizationtopromotebetterunderstandingbetweentheAmericanandTurkishpeoplesthroughsocial,educational,culturalandcharitableactivities.Includesalistofcurrentevents,membershipinformation,communityserviceactivities.

title:	Assembly of Turkish American Associations (ATAA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk%2FTurkish_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ataa.org%2F
desc:	Provideslobbyinginformationthroughcontactaddressedandbackgroundinformationonissues,aswellasinformationontheAssemblyitselfanditsmemberorganizations.

title:	Bolat, Latif 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk%2FTurkish_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latifbolat.com%2F
desc:	Singer,composerandscholarplayingfolkandmysticmusicdatingbacktothe13thcentury.Includesabiography,lyrics,informationabouttheTurkishmusic,andaudiofiles.

title:	Turkish American Association for Cultural Exchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk%2FTurkish_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taace.org%2F
desc:	Anot-for-profitorganizationpromotingTurkishcultureandheritageintheUnitedStates.

title:	Turkish American Association of Minnesota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk%2FTurkish_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taam.org%2F
desc:	News,associationlistings,andmembershipinformation

title:	Turkish American Cultural Association of Michigan (TACAM) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk%2FTurkish_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tacam.org%2F
desc:	Includeslatestnews,informationabouttheassociation'sprojectsandonlinepublications.

title:	Cosmic Buddha 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FExpatriates%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cosmicbuddha.com%2F
desc:	Groupoffriendsandbandmatesconsistingofbothnativesandforeigners.Offersnarrativeregardingcheapandexpensiveitemsandincludesseveralphotogalleries.

title:	American Druze Society (ADS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.druze.com%2F
desc:	NationalorganizationsupportingthisMiddleEasternminoritygroupwithformaloriginsstartinginthe11thcentury.Containsbackground,constituents,sponsors,theonlineHeritagemagazine,publications,news.PresentationofDruzecommunitiesandcentersworldwide.

title:	Belgian-American Research Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdigital.library.wisc.edu%2F1711.dl%2FBelgAmrCol
desc:	Onlinearchiveofphotos,oralhistoryrecordings,andtextsrelatedtoBelgiansinAmerica,particularlytheWalloon-speakingBelgiancommunitiesofnortheasternWisconsinandtheirhistory.

title:	Bhavan, USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhavanus.com%2F
desc:	AmericanbranchoftheBharatiyaVidyaBhavan(BVB)orInstituteofIndianCulture.PromotingIndianculture,valuesandphilosophyandenrichingtheIndianartforms,music,dance,drama,languagesandliterature.

title:	CanadianGoose 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fil3%2FCanadianGoose%2F
desc:	AwebdirectoryforCanadianexpatriateslivingintheUS.

title:	Croatian American Association (CAA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caausa.org%2F
desc:	PrimaryAmericanorganizationregisteredtolobbyCongressonCroatianissues.Featuresmembershipinformation,anewsletter,foreignpressoffice,news,andcontacts.

title:	Cultural Services of the French Embassy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frenchculture.org%2F
desc:	Informationonart,books,cinema,musicandnews,withregionalcalendarandmailinglistsign-upform.

title:	EthnicMajority.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethnicmajority.com%2F
desc:	Workstoeducate,assist,andempowerAfrican,Hispanic,andAsian-Americanstoachieveadvancementinpolitics,business,atwork,andsociety.Featuresnews,adiscussiongroupandcontactinformation.

title:	Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society (HIAS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hias.org%2F
desc:	TheoldestinternationalmigrationandrefugeeresettlementagencyintheU.S.Findimmigrationinformation,legislativeupdates,andtheHIASLocationService.

title:	Newah Organization of America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newah.org%2F
desc:	ForumfortheindigenouspeopleofKathmanduValley,NepaltoadvancetheNewahcommunityintothemainstreamofAmericanlife.

title:	Canadians in China 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FRegions%2FEast_Asia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canadiansinchina.com%2F
desc:	Portalsitewithe-mailnetwork,eventannouncementsandphotographs.

title:	China Policy Consulting Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FRegions%2FEast_Asia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Ffieldworkchina%2F
desc:	DiscussiononChinaandTaiwangovernmentpolicyanddecisionmaking.

title:	Comparative Connections: A Quarterly E-Journal on East Asian Bilateral Relations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FRegions%2FEast_Asia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csis.org%2Fpacfor%2Fccejournal.html
desc:	Aquarterlyjournalfeaturinganalysesonpoliticalandeconomicdevelopmentsin12keybilateralrelationshipsinEastAsia.Chronologicallistingsofsignificanteventsarealsoprovided.

title:	Electric Samurai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FRegions%2FEast_Asia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiku.com%2Felectric_samurai%2F
desc:	PhotogallerycoveringJapan,China,andMongolia.AlsoanOrientalGallery,withimagesofworksofartfromJapan,Korea,andMongolia.Onesectiondevotedentirelytosamuraiimages.

title:	Life in Asia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FRegions%2FEast_Asia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifeinchina.com%2Fpictures.cfm
desc:	Imagesfromtheregion.

title:	Harvard Taiwanese Cultural Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FTaiwanese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhcs.harvard.edu%2F%7Etaiwan%2F
desc:	InformationabouteventsforTaiwaneseAmericansintheBostonArea.

title:	New Taiwan, Ilha Formosa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FTaiwanese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taiwandc.org%2F
desc:	AboutTaiwaneseadvocacyorganizationsbasedinWashington,withupdatednews,historyandculture,documents,andlinks.

title:	San Diego Taiwanese American Community Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FTaiwanese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taiwancenter.com%2F
desc:	Informationonclasses,clubs,exhibitions,library,facilities,andvolunteersofthiscommunitycenter.

title:	Taiwanese American Citizen's League 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FTaiwanese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tacl.org%2F
desc:	TaiwaneseAmericangroupfocusingoncitizenshipandleadershipdevelopment

title:	Tsunah Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FTaiwanese_American&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taiwancenter.com%2Ftsunah%2F
desc:	Tourinformation.

title:	VietCatholic Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FAsian-American%2FVietnamese_American%2FReligion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietcatholic.net%2F
desc:	InformationrelatedtotheactivitiesofVietnameseCatholicsthroughouttheworld.

title:	DFH Network Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FExpatriates%2FTurkish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dfhnet.com%2F
desc:	AU.S.basedbroadcastingcompanythatoffersasubscriptionbasedservicetargetedatTurkishspeakinghouseholdsinNorthAmerica.

title:	NYCTurk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FExpatriates%2FTurkish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnycturk.com%2F
desc:	EstablishedtoenhancethecommunicationamongstTurkslivinginNewYorkCityandtheTri-Statearea.Provideslocalannouncements,forumdiscussions,newsandinformationexchangeamongstthecommunitymembers.

title:	Turks in the UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FExpatriates%2FTurkish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fukturks%2F
desc:	EstablishedtoimprovetherelationsoftheTurkishpeoplestudying/workingintheUKthroughamailinglistthatallowsforinformationexchangeamongstthemembers.

title:	Angels With Fur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FAngelsWithFur%2F
desc:	Anexpatriotanimallover'sgroupthathelpsthroughprovidinginformationonpets,adoption,Englishspeakingvets,andotherconcerns.

title:	APC-Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fapc-Japan%2F
desc:	GroupforexpatsinJapanwhoarealsomembersofAdoptiveParentsChina.

title:	Bytes of Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffarstrider.net%2F
desc:	InformationaboutteachingEnglishinJapan,observationsandphotosoffestivals,sightsandpeopleinJapan.

title:	Eritrea Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Feritrea_japan%2F
desc:	Groupincludespeoplerelatedtothe"LawSchoolProject"and"GuideBookProject",andactsasacommunicationbridgebetweenEritreaandJapan.

title:	Filprof Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Ffilprof-japan%2F
desc:	AgroupforFilipinoprofessionalscurrentlyworkinginJapan.

title:	Hirokim House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hirokim.ph%2F
desc:	IntroductionofJapanandJapanesecultureforFilipinoslivinginJapan.

title:	Japan - Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fjapan_srilanka%2F
desc:	Yahoogroupforanyonerelatedtoorinterestedinthetwocountries.

title:	Japan Bloggers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FJapanBloggers%2F
desc:	MailinglistforpeopleinJapankeepingaweblog.

title:	Japan Brats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjapanbrats.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothehistoryandheritageofmilitarybratsandexpatsinJapan.

title:	Japan: a Country On Planet Earth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paulzilla.org%2Fjapanese%2Fj_cope3.htm
desc:	Featuresguideforvisitors,business,study,government,andmedia.

title:	JapanNewbie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.japannewbie.com%2F
desc:	AninformationalcommunitysiteforthoseinterestedinJapan,andtheJapaneselanguage.

title:	The Otaru Lawsuit Info Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.debito.org%2Fotarulawsuit.html
desc:	RegularlyupdatedsiteonasuitagainsttheOtaruCitygovernmentandHokkaidohotspringownersbanningforeigners.

title:	Vietnam Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FVietnam_Japan%2F
desc:	AmailinglistforVietnameseinJapan.

title:	San Francisco Chronicle  - Japan gets tough on visa violators 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfgate.com%2Fcgi-bin%2Farticle.cgi%3Ffile%3D%2Fc%2Fa%2F2004%2F05%2F10%2FMNGT16IQK81.DTL
desc:	ArticleonJapan'scrackdownonillegalvisaoverstays,withjusta1-dayoverstayresultinginjailtimeandthena5-yearbanishment.

title:	BiasHELP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biashelp.org%2F
desc:	(NY)ofLongIslandisa501(c)(3)not-for-profitagencydedicatedtopreventing,monitoringandlesseningtheeffectsofbiascrimesandhate-relatedharassmentinNassauandSuffolkcounties.HelplineforhatecrimevictimsintheLongIsland,NewYorkarea.Addressesnationalissuesalso.

title:	Center for Equal Opportunity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ceousa.org%2F
desc:	Sponsorsconferences,supportsresearch,andpublishespolicybriefsonissuesrelatedtorace,ethnicity,assimilation,andpublicpolicy.CEOfocusesonthreeareasinparticular,racialpreferences(AffirmativeAction),immigrationandassimilation,andmulticultural(Billigual)education.LindaChavez,Presidentandfeaturedcolumn.

title:	Center for Individual Rights (CIR) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cir-usa.org%2F
desc:	ANationalNon-profitorganizationsupportedbytheBostonChurch.ThisorganizationaddressesissuesthatrevolvearoundtheFirstAmendment.

title:	The Habiba Chaouch Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.habiba.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationwhoseobjectivesincludepromotingArabcultureintheU.S.andeducatingthepublicaboutmythsconcerningtheArabpeople.

title:	Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jointcenter.org%2F
desc:	Nationalnon-profitinstitutionthatconductsresearchonpublicpolicyissuesofspecialconcerntoAfricanAmericans.WebsitehasstatisticalinformationonAfricanAmericansandvariousAfricanAmericansocialandeconomicconcerns.

title:	National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnapawf.org%2F
desc:	NationalorganizationworkingtoforgeagrassrootsprogressivemovementforsocialandeconomicjusticeandthepoliticalempowermentofAsianandPacificAmericanwomenandgirls.

title:	Panamerican-Panafrican Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpapausa1.tripod.com%2Fpapausa%2F
desc:	Includesorganizationalviewsandrelatedlinks.Contactinformationprovided.

title:	Project Anti-Disguise 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpetition.yellowworld.org%2F
desc:	AcollaborativeeffortofnationalAsian-Americanadvocacygroupsandstudentorganizationstodemandtheimmediaterecallofthe"KungFool"costumemanufacturedanddistributedbyDisguise,Inc.

title:	Project Interchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations%2FOrganizations%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.projectinterchange.org%2F
desc:	AneducationalinstituteoftheAmericanJewishCommitteethatdevelopsandconductsseminarsinIsraelforcurrentandemergingUnitedStatesandinternationalleaders.

title:	Purdue Turkish Student Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk%2FTurkish_American%2FStudent_Organizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.ics.purdue.edu%2F%7Eturkiye%2F
desc:	Includesalistofofficers,adiscussionforum,analumniyearbook,andmemberdirectory.

title:	Turkish Cultural Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FAsian%2FMiddle_Eastern%2FTurk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.turkishculturalfoundation.org%2F
desc:	HighlightssomeofthedistinctcharacteristicsandqualitiesofTurkishcultureincludingarchitecture,music,lifestyles,clothing,andfood.

title:	Linguistic Nationalism: The Case of Southern Min 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FSino-Tibetan%2FTaiwanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sino-platonic.org%2Fcomplete%2Fspp025_southern_min_taiwanese.pdf
desc:	DiscussesthelinksbetweenTaiwanesepoliticsandtheTaiwaneselanguage.

title:	The Min Dialect of Chaozhou and Comparative Chinese Grammar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FSino-Tibetan%2FTaiwanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hku.hk%2Flinguist%2Fstaff%2Fchaozhou.html
desc:	AresearchprojectatHongKongUniversity.

title:	Modern Taiwanese Web of the Edutech Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FSino-Tibetan%2FTaiwanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edutech.org.tw%2F
desc:	PromotionalsiteforTaiwaneseModernSpellingSystem,aromanizedwritingsystemcreatedin1943.Featureslessons,literarytexts,languagenotes,andpartialdictionaries.

title:	The Outlook for Taiwanese Language Preservation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FSino-Tibetan%2FTaiwanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sino-platonic.org%2Fcomplete%2Fspp172_taiwanese_language.pdf
desc:	PaperexaminingthefutureoftheTaiwaneselanguageanditspossibledecline.

title:	Peh-oe-ji: Childish Writing? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FSino-Tibetan%2FTaiwanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.de-han.org%2Ftaiwan%2Fchuliau%2Fpehoeji-v.pdf
desc:	AnexaminationofattitudesamongnativespeakerstowardsromanizedTaiwanese.

title:	Tailingua 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FSino-Tibetan%2FTaiwanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftailingua.com%2F
desc:	AnEnglishintroductiontotheTaiwaneselanguage,withresourcesandnews.

title:	Writing Taiwanese: The Development of Modern Written Taiwanese 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FSino-Tibetan%2FTaiwanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sino-platonic.org%2Fcomplete%2Fspp089_taiwanese.pdf
desc:	1999papergivinganoverviewofwrittensystemsforTaiwanese,followedbyacloserexaminationwhichfavourstheModernLiteralTaiwanese(MLT)system.

title:	Xiamen Missionary Romanization System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FSino-Tibetan%2FTaiwanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.raccoonbend.com%2Flanguages%2Fxiarom.html
desc:	Aconcisedescriptionofthesystem(alsoknownasPeh-oe-ji)anditsrelationshiptotheInternationalPhoneticAlphabet.

title:	Black Dutch and Irish, Melungeons, Moravians, Pennsylvania Dutch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepages.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Ehornbeck%2Fblkdutch.htm
desc:	ShirleyHornbeck'sgenealogytipsontheBlackDutch,howthetermhasbeenused,forMelungeonsandothergroups.

title:	Black Dutch Yahoo Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FBlack_Dutch%2F
desc:	AdiscussiongroupforanyoneinterestedinpeopledescribedasBlackDutchorBlackGerman.

title:	The Black Irish Myth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.darkfiber.com%2Fblackirish%2F
desc:	AtheoryastowhypeopleofIrishdescentliketolayclaimtoSpanishbloodfromtheArmada.LinkstheBlackIrishtotheMelungeons.ByTomKunesh.

title:	Documenting the Melungeons One Page at a Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistorical-melungeons.com%2F
desc:	AMelungeongroupespeciallyinterestedintheHancockCountypeople.

title:	First Union: The Melungeons Revisited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblueridgecountry.com%2Farchive%2Ffavorites%2Fmelungeons-revisited%2F
desc:	BlueRidgeCountryMagazinearticleonMelungoens,FirstUnionandBrentKennedy.

title:	Free African Americans of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Maryland, and Delaware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freeafricanamericans.com%2F
desc:	Familyhistoryofmostfamilieswhowerefreeinthisregionduringthecolonialperiod.Includesextractsfromgovernmentrecords.

title:	Gowen Research Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreepages.genealogy.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Egowenrf%2Fguests.htm
desc:	InformationonfamilieswiththenameGowen,includingvariations.ThisincludesthemostcommonMelungeonname,Goins,Goin,Goings,Going,andothers.Searchthenewsletters.

title:	Graysville Melungeons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreepages.genealogy.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Eappalachian%2Fmelungeons%2FTHE_GRAYSVILLE_MELUNGEONS.txt
desc:	AnarticleonthelargestMelungeoncommunity,inRhea,RoaneandHamiltoncounties,Tennessee,andtheonlyincorporatedtownwithaMelungeonmajority.

title:	Jack Goins' Melungeon and Appalachian Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjackgoins.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoresearchonthenortheastTennesseeandsouthwestVirginiaMelungeoncommunities.IncludesinformationonDNAresearchaswellasinformationabouthisbook.

title:	Melungeon Family Genealogy Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgenforum.genealogy.com%2Fmelungeon%2F
desc:	DiscussionofgenealogicaltopicsaboutMelungeonfamilies.

title:	Melungeon Heritage Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.melungeon.org%2F
desc:	Establishedtodocumentandpreservetheculturallegacyofmixed-ancestrypeoplesinthesouthernAppalachians.Articles,links,andinformationaboutperiodicMelungeonconventionsknownas"unions".

title:	The Melungeon Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmelungeon-historical-society.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	SocietydedicatedtoresearchonMelungeonhistory.

title:	Melungeon Mailing List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Flists.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2Findex%2Fother%2FEthnic-Mixed%2FMelungeon.html
desc:	Discussiongroupforgenealogyandhistory.Includessearchablearchiveofpastmessages.

title:	Melungeon Mystery Solved? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblueridgecountry.com%2Farchive%2Feditors-column%2Fmelungeon-mystery-solved%2F
desc:	2012articlefromBlueRidgeCountrymagazine.

title:	Melungeon Origin Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.groups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FMelungeonOrigin
desc:	DiscussiongrouponMelungeonoriginsandhistory.

title:	Melungeon Resource Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepages.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Emtnties%2Fmelungeon.html
desc:	IncludesaFAQaboutthemixedMediterranean-IndianheritageofMelungeons,genealogylinks,andinformationontheMelungeonmailinglist.ByMarthaShort

title:	Melungeon Voices 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.melungeonvoices.com%2F
desc:	AnnouncementforanewfilmaboutMelungeons.

title:	The Melungeons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepages.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Emtnties%2Fmlgn.html
desc:	ShortarticleaboutMelungeons,particularlyinVirginia.

title:	Melungeons | Google Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.google.com%2Fgroup%2Fmelungeons%3Fhl%3Den
desc:	DiscussiongrouponMelungeongenealogyandhistory.

title:	The Melungeons: A New Journey Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblueridgecountry.com%2Farchive%2Ffavorites%2Fmelungeons-journey-home%2F
desc:	AnarticleinBlueRidgeCountryontheMelungeonsofVardy,withphotosofthechurchandschool.

title:	The Melungeons: An Untold Story of Ethnic cleansing in America (by Brent Kennedy) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mediamonitors.net%2Fbrentkennedy1.html
desc:	ThisisanexcerptorintroductiontothemostfamousandcontroversialbookontheMelungeons.

title:	The Melungeons: My Perspective 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbrendanichols.tripod.com%2Fmelungeon.html
desc:	ByBrendaNichols.HistoriesofherfamilyandsomenotableMelungeonssuchasMahalaMullins.

title:	Muslims in the Americas Before Columbus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyberistan.org%2Fislamic%2Fmamerica.html
desc:	SomeevidenceforMoorishandMandingopresence,whichsomepeoplebelievetobepartoftheancestryofMelungeons.

title:	Native American Muslims 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themodernreligion.com%2Fconvert%2Fconvert_namuslims.htm
desc:	AnarticleaboutearlycontactbetweenNativeAmericansandMuslims,whichcontendsmanyNativeAmericansadoptedIslam.ThismaytieinwiththebetterknownMasonicmovementamongNativeAmericans.

title:	Under One Sky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.underonesky.org%2Fsekmie_pdf%2Fuos4.pdf
desc:	BillFields'personalwebsiteincludingthearchivesofUnderOneSky,newsletteroftheSoutheasternKentuckyMelungeonInformationExchange.InformationonMelungeonHeritage.

title:	Vardy Community Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvardyblackwater.com%2F
desc:	ThissocietyistryingtopreservetheVardyMelungeonsiteonBlackwaterCreekinHancockCounty,TN.MuseumintheoldMelungeonschool.MahalaMullins'cabinbroughttothesitefromNewman'sridge.

title:	Walking Toward the Sunset: The Melungeons of Appalachia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbooks.google.com%2Fbooks%3Fid%3DbPV05xDZe70C
desc:	WayneWinkler'sbookwithmuchofthetextgiveninthepreview.

title:	Wayfaring Stranger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsciway3.net%2Fclark%2Ffreemoors%2FPatrin1.htm
desc:	TheBlackDutch,GermanGypsies,orChicanere,andtheirrelationtotheMelungeons,byLindaD.Griggs.

title:	What Is A Melungeon? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FMelungeon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwhatisamelungeon.webs.com%2F
desc:	HistoryanddescriptionofseveralgroupsknownasMelungeon.

title:	The Congress of Aboriginal Peoples 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous&url=http%3A%2F%2Fabo-peoples.org%2F
desc:	RepresentingCanada'sMetis,off-reserveandnon-treatyIndians.

title:	Native American Nations of Central America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhubpages.com%2Fhub%2FNative-American-Nations-Part-XVII
desc:	InformationandphotographsaboutCentralAmericanIndiantribes.

title:	Wikipedia: Indigenous peoples of the Americas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FIndigenous_peoples_of_the_Americas
desc:	Encyclopediaarticleonthepeoples'history,cultureandpoliticalsituationandlinkstomorespecificarticles.

title:	Acadian Genealogy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FCajun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acadian.org%2F
desc:	Acadian-Cajungenealogyresourcesite.FeatureslinksandAcadianmusicaudiofiles.

title:	Acadian Memorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FCajun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acadianmemorial.org%2F
desc:	MonumenttothepeoplewhosoughtrefugeinLouisiana.

title:	Acadian-Cajun Genealogy and History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FCajun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acadian-cajun.com%2F
desc:	ExtensivesitelinkingthegenealogyandhistoryoftheAcadianandCajuncultures.

title:	The Encyclopedia of Cajun Culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FCajun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cajunculture.com%2F
desc:	AsitededicatedtoeducatingthepublicaboutCajuncultureandhistory.

title:	Fondation CODOFIL Website 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FCajun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crt.state.la.us%2Fcultural-development%2Fcodofil%2Findex
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationdedicatedtopromotingFrancophoneLouisiana.

title:	French Creoles of America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FCajun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frenchcreoles.com%2F
desc:	CompletehistoryofLouisiana'sindigenousCreoles,Indians,AfricansandCajuns.Exploretheculturalheritageandgenealogyofthesepeople.Alongwithguestbookandviewer'scomments.

title:	Kayne's Homepage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FCajun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fstars%2Fkayne%2F
desc:	PersonalwebpageofaLouisianaresident.Links,downloads,informationandcommentsaboutfriends.

title:	Wikipedia - Cajun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FCajun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FCajun
desc:	InformationandresourcesfromWikipedia.

title:	Searching for Saponi Town 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FS%2FSaponi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saponitown.com%2F
desc:	HistoricalinformationandforumfordescendantsofthePiedmontofVirginiaandNorthCarolina:Saponi,Tutelo,Occaneechi,andothers.

title:	Four Directions Institute:  Saponi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FS%2FSaponi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fourdir.com%2Fsaponi.htm
desc:	Tribalprofile,timeline,andlinks.

title:	Occaneechi Saponi Spring Cultural Festival 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FS%2FSaponi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcarrboro.com%2Fpowwow.html
desc:	ArticleonPowwowheldatCarrboro,NC,withmanypictures.

title:	Big Brothers & Big Sisters of East Tennessee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee%2FRegions%2FEast_Tennessee%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tennesseebig.org%2F
desc:	AchildrenandyouthagencyservingfamiliesinAnderson,Blount,Hawkins,Knox,Loudon,Roane,Scott,Sullivan,andWashingtonCounties.

title:	East Tennessee Human Resource Agency (ETHRA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee%2FRegions%2FEast_Tennessee%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethra.org%2F
desc:	Socialserviceagencyservinga17-countyregionincentraleastTennessee.Describesdiverseprogramsandservicesfortheelderly,low-income,children,andfamilies.

title:	Southeast Tennessee Human Resource Agency 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee%2FRegions%2FEast_Tennessee%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sethra.us%2F
desc:	Providesavarietyofsocialservicestolow-incomepeopleandtheelderlyina9-countyregion.Providesservicedescriptions,officelocations,andcontactinformation.

title:	Annaplaza, de turkse vrouw 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FEtnische_Groepen%2FTurken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.annaplaza.nl%2Fturkse_en_allochtone_vrouwen.html
desc:	InformatieoverdepositievandeTurksevrouwinNederlandaangevuldmetlinksnaarwebsitesvoorTurksevrouwen.

title:	Lokum.NL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FEtnische_Groepen%2FTurken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lokum.nl%2F
desc:	Opdezewebsitekanmenterechtomtechatten,dagelijksTurksenalgemeennieuwstelezenoftediscussierenoveractueleonderwerpen.Ookkunmendeuitgaansagendaraadplegenofingezondenverhalenoverdeliefdelezen.

title:	Ozan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FEtnische_Groepen%2FTurken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ozan.nl%2F
desc:	Turks-FolkloristischeDans-TheatergroepOZAN.

title:	Stichting Cosmicus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FEtnische_Groepen%2FTurken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cosmicus.nl%2F
desc:	Cosmicusiseenstichting,opgezetdoorTurksestudenten,diezichmetnameinzetvoordetotstandkomingvanacceptatieenbegriptussenverschillendeculturen.

title:	Studenten Unie Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FEtnische_Groepen%2FTurken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studentenunie.nl%2F
desc:	EenLandelijkeTurksestudentenorganisatiediezichvoorallestudentenwilinzetten.

title:	Tannet,Turks Academische Netwerk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FEtnische_Groepen%2FTurken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tannet.nl%2F
desc:	StichtingTannetwilviagebruikmakenvanexpertisevande"mededenkers",deTurkenenderestvandeallochtoneneenduidelijkestemengezichtgevenendemaatschappelijkeontwikkelingenvanuiteenwetenschappelijkeenopfeitengebaseerdevisiemeesturen.

title:	Saponitown: Descendants of the Fort Christanna Indians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FGenealogy%2FNative_Americans%2FSaponi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saponitown.com%2F
desc:	TracingEasternSiouanancestors,alsocalledEasternBlackfoot,whooriginatedintheNC/VAarea,includingOcconeechi,Monacan,Eno,Tutelo,andSaponi.Historicalinformationandforumforsharingresearch.

title:	Clatsop-Nehalem Confederated Tribes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clatsop-nehalem.com%2F
desc:	MembershipandphotogalleryfortheClatsop,NehalemandTillmooktribesinOregon.

title:	Flags of the Native Peoples of the United States 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tmealf.com%2FDH%2F
desc:	ImagesofandinformationaboutNativeAmericantribalflags.

title:	Indian Canyon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiancanyon.org%2F
desc:	NativecreatedandmanagedsiteaboutCentralCaliforniatribes.News,articles,photosandlinks.

title:	Indigenous Nations of North America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indians.org%2Fwelker%2Fnations.htm
desc:	PortaltowebsitesforNativeNationsofCanadaandtheUnitedStates.

title:	Native American Tribes and Cultures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.42explore.com%2Fnative4.htm
desc:	Indexedlinksformorethanahundreddifferentnations.

title:	Quebec History: Algonquin family of Indians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffaculty.marianopolis.edu%2Fc.belanger%2Fquebechistory%2Fencyclopedia%2FAlgonquinfamily.htm
desc:	ArticleonthedifferentAlgonquiantribesfromtheHandbookofIndiansofCanada.

title:	Texas Indians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.texasindians.com%2F
desc:	Informationonhistoryandorigins,religionandceremony,oralliterature,territories,andtreatiesofthe25NativeAmericantribesofTexas.Alsoacurriculumforteachersandinformationforchildren.

title:	Tribal Website Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwontolla.homepage.t-online.de%2Fwontolla%2F16tribes.htm
desc:	AcomprehensivecollectionoflinkstotribalwebsitesinNorthAmerica.InEnglishandGerman.

title:	Federation Europenne de Communaute et Association  Seychellois - FECAS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seyeu.com%2F
desc:	AwebpresencefortheSeychellesCommunityinandacrosstheEU.Organisationprofile,activities,newsletters,andcontactdetails.

title:	Arctic Athabaskan Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arcticathabaskancouncil.com%2F
desc:	PromotingArcticAthabaskanheritageandrepresentingtheinterestsofAthabaskanpeoplesattheinternationalforumoftheArcticCouncil.

title:	Battlefords Tribal Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrib.sasktelwebhosting.com%2F
desc:	Providingprofessionalandtechnical,advisoryservicestotheLittlePine,LuckyManCree,Mosquito,Sweetgrass,Moosomin,PoundmakerCreeandRedPheasantFirstNations.

title:	Bristol Bay Native Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbna.com%2F
desc:	NetworkofAlaskanNativeCouncilsthroughouttheBristolBayregion.Directoryandfactsheetsofmembers,businesslistings,housingandsocialservices,administrativecontacts,links.

title:	Cahuilla Inter-Tribal Repatriation Committee (CITRC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cahuillarepatriation.org%2F
desc:	NativeCahuillaIndiantribesseekingrepatriationofculturalobjects,artifacts,burialsitesandhumanremains.Providesresourcesandinformationformuseumsandothertribes.

title:	Chiefs of Ontario 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chiefs-of-ontario.org%2F
desc:	Aco-ordinatingbodyfor134FirstNationcommunitieslocatedwithintheboundariesoftheProvinceofOntario,Canada.

title:	Great Lakes Intertribal Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glitc.org%2F
desc:	Coalitionof12IndiantribesofWisconsinandUpperMichigan,withcontactandtribalinformationabouteachmembernation.

title:	Intertribal Council of Arizona 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itcaonline.com%2F
desc:	Phoenix-basedorganizationsince1958,comprisedof21localbands.Boardcontacts,programsandworkinggroups,map,factsheetsoneachmembertribe,links.

title:	Intertribal Deaf Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deafnative.com%2F
desc:	Furtheringthetraditions,languagesandculturesofFirstNationsmemberswhoaredeaf,deaf-blind,andhard-of-hearing.Conferenceinformationandregistrationform.

title:	Manataka American Indian Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.manataka.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitsocietypromotingAmericanIndianhistoryandculture.Stories,poems,weddings,news,events,forum,links.

title:	National Congress of Indians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncai.org%2F
desc:	TheNationalCongressofIndiansprovidesnationalleadershiponissuesfacingtribalcommunitiesthroughouttheUnitedStates.Servicesincludelegislativealertsandlobbying.

title:	Red Nation Of The Cherokee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rednation.org%2F
desc:	Culturalandspiritualorganizationacceptingmixedbloodsofallnationsortribes.

title:	Santa Cruz, California Chapter of the Nastao Nation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FOrganizations%2FIntertribal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fca6%2Fnastaonation%2Fmain.htm
desc:	NativeAmericanmedicinesocietypromotingcultureandsocialissues.Historyandprinciples,localandgeneralinformation,links.

title:	The Confederated Tribes of Grand Ronde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FFederations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grandronde.org%2F
desc:	Resourcesandinformation.

title:	Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs Indian Reservation of Oregon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FFederations&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwarmsprings-nsn.gov%2F
desc:	ItisthelandoftheWarmSprings,WascoandPaiuteNativeAmericanTribes,stretchingfromthesnowcappedsummitoftheCascadeMountainstothepalisadedcliffsoftheDeschutesRiver

title:	Federation of Saskatchewan Indian Nations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FFederations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fsin.com%2F
desc:	Representing72SaskatchewanFirstNations.Searchablesiteincludestreatydevelopmentandenforcement,disabilityclearinghouse,andleaders'information.

title:	Hul'qumi'num Treaty Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FFederations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hulquminum.bc.ca%2F
desc:	CoalitionofsixCoastSalishFirstNationsonVancouverIslandandtheGulfIslands.Withnews,treatyinformation,cultureandhistory,andlinks.

title:	Archaeogeodesy Study of the Miami River Circle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Region%2FNorth_America%2FAncient_Age&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jqjacobs.net%2Fastro%2Fmiami_2.html
desc:	PaperdiscussingastronomicandgeodeticknowledgeinprehistoricFlorida.

title:	The Paleoamericans:  Issues and Evidence Relating to the Peopling of the New World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Region%2FNorth_America%2FAncient_Age&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jqjacobs.net%2Fanthro%2Fpaleoamericans.html
desc:	Summaryofcurrentevidenceanddiverseviewsabouttheissue.

title:	The NAFTA Secretariat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGovernment%2FMultilateral%2FRegional%2FNorth_American_Free_Trade_Agreement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nafta-sec-alena.org%2F
desc:	ResponsiblefortheadministrationofthedisputesettlementprovisionsandassistancetotheFreeTradeCommissionandsupportforvariousnon-disputerelatedcommitteesandworkinggroups.ViewtheonlineversionofNorthAmericanFreeTradeAgreement,rulesofprocedures,codeofconduct,reportsanddecisions.[English,French,Spanish]

title:	North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGovernment%2FMultilateral%2FRegional%2FNorth_American_Free_Trade_Agreement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sice.oas.org%2Ftrade%2Fnafta%2Fnaftatce.asp
desc:	Thewellorganizedwebversionofthefulltextofagreement,madeavailablebytheOrganizationofAmericanStates(SICE).

title:	Wikipedia - North American Free Trade Agreement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGovernment%2FMultilateral%2FRegional%2FNorth_American_Free_Trade_Agreement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FNorth_American_Free_Trade_Agreement
desc:	HyperlinkedencyclopediaentrycoversthehistoryandeffectsoftheNAFTAgroupalongwithrelatedtopicsandissues.

title:	Americans in Britain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Famericansinbritain%2F
desc:	YahoogroupofferingsurvivaltipsforlivingintheUK.

title:	Association of Jewish Refugees 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ajr.org.uk%2F
desc:	RepresentsformerGermanJewishrefugeesandsurvivorsoftheNaziHolocaust,Londonbased,providingaclaimsoffice,monthlymagazineformembers,universities,studycentresandresearchers,andotherservices.

title:	Focus Information Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.focus-info.org%2F
desc:	InformationresourceforexpatriateslivingandworkingintheUK.Includescareerandjobinformation,andFAQs.

title:	The Irish Post 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishpost.co.uk%2F
desc:	AweeklynewspaperfortheIrishinBritain.News,sports,features,recruitmentandspecials.

title:	Italian Cultural Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icilondon.esteri.it%2F
desc:	BasedinBelgraveSquare,London.Detailsofactivities,otherfacilitiessuchaslibrary,aswellasinformationonhowtojoinandtomakecontact.

title:	Network Canada - The Canadian Connection Abroad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.networkcanada.org%2F
desc:	AbusinessandsocialgroupforCanadiansinLondon.Eventslisting,membershipdetails,andinformationforexpatriates.

title:	UK Yankee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uk-yankee.com%2F
desc:	DevotedtoAmericanexpatriateslivingintheUK.Offersadirectoryofinformationaboutmoving,culture,education,immigration,realestate,petsandincludesaforum,livechatandnewsletter.ProvidesanetworkanddirectoryofinformationaboutlivinginandmovingtotheUK.

title:	World Friendship 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldfriendship.merseyside.org%2F
desc:	HelpforinternationalstudentsinLiverpool

title:	Four Directions Institute: Vanyume 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FV%2FVanyume&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fourdir.com%2Fvanyume.htm
desc:	Tribalprofile,timeline,andlinks.

title:	Ne-Do-Ba - History & Culture Web Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FFederations%2FWabanaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nedoba.org%2Fne-do-ba%2Fweb_hist.html
desc:	AbenakiandWabanakilinksincludinghistory,stories,maps,language,andculture.

title:	Wabanaki Confederacy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FFederations%2FWabanaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.native-languages.org%2Fwabanaki.htm
desc:	Historyandlinksaboutthenationsoftheallianceandtheirlanguages.

title:	Ancient Maps And Corn Help Track The Migrations Of Indigenous People 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FRegional%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencedaily.com%2Freleases%2F2004%2F06%2F040616062606.htm
desc:	FromScienceDaily,theworkofRobertoRodreguezandPatrisiaGonzales,whostudyancientmaps,oraltraditionsandthemovementofdomesticatedcropstolearnmoreabouttheoriginsofnativepeopleintheAmericas.

title:	Early America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FRegional%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.let.rug.nl%2Fusa%2Foutlines%2Fhistory-1994%2Fearly-america%2Fthe-first-americans.php
desc:	AbriefdescriptionoftheearliestculturalhorizoninNorthAmerica.

title:	A Journey to a New Land 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FRegional%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfu.museum%2Fjourney%2F
desc:	FromtheMuseumofArchaeologyandEthnologyonthefirstpeoplingoftheNewWorld.Highlights:Interviewswithscientists,QuickTimeInteractivetimelinephotorealisticreconstructionsgamesforyoungervisitors.

title:	Paleoamerican Origins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FRegional%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jqjacobs.net%2Fanthro%2Fpaleoamerican_origins.html
desc:	AreviewofhypothesesandevidencerelatingtotheoriginsoftheFirstAmericansbyJamesQ.Jacobs.

title:	Paleoindian and other Archaeological Stuff 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FRegional%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ele.net%2F
desc:	AcollectionofarticlesconcerningPaleoindiansandotherarchaeologicalrelatedsubjects.Folsomarticlesrepresentthemajorportionofthiscollection.

title:	Connect International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.connect-int.org%2F
desc:	CompanytoassistnewcomersintheNorthofHolland,includingrelocationservices,events,healthandbusinessclub.

title:	English speaking community in the Netherlands 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elynx.nl%2F
desc:	Socialactivities,referrals,directoryandnoticeboard.

title:	Expatica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.expatica.com%2F
desc:	NewsinEnglishfromHolland(theNetherlands)plushow-toandwhat'soninformationforpeoplelivingandworkingabroad.HRsiteprovidesadviceandnewsforinternationalhumanresourcespersonneldealingwithexpatriation.Plus,joblistings,housinglistings,relocationadvice,localguidesandEurope'sonlyonlineexpatdatingservice.

title:	Filipinos in The Netherlands 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pilipinas.nl%2F
desc:	Services,news,music,linksandevents.

title:	Here's Holland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heresholland.com%2F
desc:	ComprehensiveexpatandtravelguideprovidesvisitorsofallageswithauniqueinsightintoHolland'streasuresandpleasures,itscultureandcustoms.

title:	Holland Voice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hollandvoice.net%2F
desc:	LifeinandaroundHolland;includesbi-monthlynewsletters,photos,discussionforum,andinformation.

title:	Housingonline 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.housingonline.nl%2F
desc:	Homefindersonlineservice;alsoincludesinformation,hintsandtipsonsuccessfulliving.

title:	Ins and Outs Relocaters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ins-and-outs.nl%2F
desc:	Immigrationandrelocationservices,providingsupport,andassistancetocompaniesinpersonalrelocationmanagement;consultationandinformation,practicalandlegalservicesassociatedwithrelocationininternationalassignment.

title:	Just One of Those Dutch Days 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=https%3A%2F%2Fetda.libraries.psu.edu%2Fcatalog%2F5940
desc:	InsightfulthesisonspousesofexpatriateemployeeslivingintheNetherlands.ThestudytranscendsitsfocusonexpathousewiveswithhelpfulinformationforanyexpatintheNetherlandsdealingwithCulturalChallenges,CopingStrategies,andIdentity.

title:	Linko 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linko.nl%2F
desc:	Relocationservicesandrelatedinformation.

title:	MEETinEindhoven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meetin.org%2Fcity%2FMEETinEINDHOVEN%2FIndex.cfm
desc:	TheMEETinEINDHOVENgroup'sprimaryfocusistoprovidearelaxed,'non-pickup-scene'socialenvironmentforpeopletoenjoywithoutpayingmembershipfees-whetheryoujustmovedtoEindhovenorifyouhavelivedhereforawhile.

title:	UnDutchables Web Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FExpatriate_Life&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.undutchables.com%2F
desc:	TheofficialUnDutchableswebsite,inspiredbythebook.

title:	Crystalinks: Toltec 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Region%2FNorth_America%2FAncient_Age%2FToltec&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crystalinks.com%2Ftoltecs.html
desc:	Historicalarticledescribingculture,artandarchitecture,withphotoofstatuesatTula,Mexico.

title:	Mexico History - The Post-Classic Period, Toltecs and  Teotihuacan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Region%2FNorth_America%2FAncient_Age%2FToltec&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mexconnect.com%2Fmex_%2Fhpostclassic1.html
desc:	ArticlebyDaleHoytePalfreyin1997forMexicoConnecte-zine,withsectionontheAztecs.

title:	Romeo Hristov's Web Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FRegional%2FCentral_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unm.edu%2F%7Erhristov%2F
desc:	Pre-Columbiantransoceaniccontacts,MesoamericanarchaeologyRomeoH.Hristov,specialistonMesoamerica.GraduateNationalSchoolofAnthropologyandHistoryofMexico,andPh.D.(ABD)inPrehistory/ArchaeologyfromtheUniversityofSalamanca,Spain

title:	Montezuma Castle and Tuzigoot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Region%2FNorth_America%2FAncient_Age%2FSinaguan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphoenix.about.com%2Fcs%2Fdaytrips%2Fa%2Fmontezuma01.htm
desc:	ProvidesdetailsandtipsforvisitstothesetwoNationalMonumentsinArizona.

title:	Montezuma Castle National Monument 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Region%2FNorth_America%2FAncient_Age%2FSinaguan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fmoca%2F
desc:	BuiltbytheSinagua,northerncousinsoftheHohokam,MontezumaCastleisasignificantruinbetweenPhoenixandFlagstaff.

title:	Tuzigoot National Monument 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Region%2FNorth_America%2FAncient_Age%2FSinaguan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Ftuzi%2F
desc:	OfficialpageofthisSinaguanruincontainshistory,pictures,andapagejustforkids.

title:	Acts of Achievement-October 2002 Black History Month 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Factsofachievement.org.uk%2F
desc:	ANorthWestProgrammeoflocal,national,andinternationalevents;Blackhistorymonthacknowledgesouractsofachievementinspiredbyourancestors.

title:	Alliance Francaise 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alliancefrancaise.london%2F
desc:	AimstowidenaccesstoFrenchlanguageandcultureandtheUK.Listofteachingcentresandclubs,specialevents,tripstoFranceandcontacts.

title:	Black Environment Network (BEN) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ben-network.org.uk%2F
desc:	Existstopromoteequalopportunitieswithrespecttoethniccommunitiesinthepreservation,protectionanddevelopmentoftheenvironment.

title:	British-Italian Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.british-italian.org%2F
desc:	AimstoincreasetheunderstandingintheUKofItalyandItaliancultureandencouragesfriendshipbetweenthetwocountries.Featureseventslistings,informationonmembership,anddetailsofprizesawarded.

title:	Ethnic Now 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethnicnow.com%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonethniceventsandnewsstories,acceptspressreleases.Articlesarefiledintochannelsbasedontopics.

title:	Finn-Guild 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.finn-guild.org%2F
desc:	British-FinnishorganisationprovidingitsmemberscheapflightsbetweentheUKandFinlandandsupporttotheFinnish-BritishcommunityintheUK.

title:	The Franco-British Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.francobritishsociety.org.uk%2F
desc:	Afocusforindividuals,groupsandcompanieswhowishtokeepintouchwithFrance,herculture,historyandcurrentaffairs.Detailsofeventsprogrammeandmembership.

title:	Japan Society North West 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jsnw.org.uk%2F
desc:	AllthingsJapaneseinthenorthwestofEngland.Newsletters,events,photographsandmembershipinformation.

title:	Operation Black Vote 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.obv.org.uk%2F
desc:	OrganisationdedicatedtoenablingtheAfricanBritishandAsianBritishcommunitiesclaimtheirplacesinEuropeanpolitics.

title:	Romany and Traveller Family History Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebsite.lineone.net%2F%7Ertfhs%2Findex2.html
desc:	FamilyhistorianswithaspecialinterestintheirBritishGypsyandTravellerroots;informationaboutmembership,publications,andtheirevents.

title:	Russians In UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Frussiansinuk.com%2F
desc:	AsocialnetworkfocusingontheRussiancommunityandprovidingavarietyofbusinessandentertainingevents,socialgatheringsandinformation.

title:	Southend Ethnic Minority Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.semf.info%2F
desc:	Workstoeliminateracialandreligiousdiscrimination.Constitution,annualreports,informationonpastandfutureevents.

title:	Tamil Channel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tamilchannel.com%2F
desc:	TheactivitiesofTamilSangam'sandTamilOrganisations.

title:	Acacia Artisans: Stories and Facts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FCultural_Arts%2FFolklore%2FWabanaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acaciart.com%2Fstories%2F
desc:	PenobscotlegendsandmiscellaneousIndianoralhistory.

title:	Of Glooskap's Birth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FCultural_Arts%2FFolklore%2FWabanaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stthomasu.ca%2F%7Eparkhill%2Faicrj.htm
desc:	Deconstructionofa19th-centuryfolklorist'sembellishmentstotheGlooskapmythcycle.

title:	Teachings from the Medicine Wheel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FCultural_Arts%2FFolklore%2FWabanaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lib.unb.ca%2FTexts%2FQWERTY%2FQweb%2Fqwerte%2Fmic_mal%2F
desc:	FivetraditionalstoriesinEnglish,MicmacandMaliseet.

title:	City of Sanctuary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cityofsanctuary.org%2F
desc:	MovementtobuildacultureofhospitalityforpeopleseekingsanctuaryintheUK.

title:	CommuniGate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.communigate.com%2FCommuniGatePro%2F
desc:	Providesfreeself-builtwebsitesfornon-profitcommunityorganisationsandgroups,church,schools,andcharities,groupedbyregion.

title:	Debrett's 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.debretts.com%2F
desc:	AsourceonBritishsocialskills,etiquetteandstyle,reflectedinarangeofcoaching,trainingandclasses.

title:	Know Britain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.know-britain.com%2F
desc:	Featuresshortarticlesonaspectsofhistoryandculture,includingtheUnionJack,countryhouses,educationandthedefinitionsofUnitedKingdom,GreatBritainandBritishIsles.

title:	Time Banking  UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timebanking.org%2F
desc:	Awayforpeopletocometogetherandhelpeachother.Participants'deposit'theirtimebygivingpracticalhelpandsupportandareableto'withdraw'theirtimewhentheyneedsomethingdonethemselves.DirectoryofUKTimeBanksandresources.

title:	CFB Bagotville Brats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FPeople%2FChildren&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fbc3%2Fbagotville%2F
desc:	SiteforBagotvillebratstosearchforoldfriendsandkeepintouchwitheachother

title:	Military Brats Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FPeople%2FChildren&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.militarybratlife.com%2F
desc:	Anonlinecommunity,linkingthechildrenoftheU.S.militarywiththeirheritageandeachother.MilitaryBratscanreadaboutreunionandschoolannouncements,linkwithpastfriends,familyandonlineresources.

title:	UHHS Stuff 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FPeople%2FChildren&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgarystuff.homestead.com%2Fuhhs.html
desc:	ConnectspeoplewhowenttoUpperHeyfordHighSchool,anAmericanschoolinUpperHeyfordEnglandforAmericanmilitarydependents.

title:	Costume of the Northern New England Tribes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FP%2FPenobscot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nativetech.org%2Fclothing%2Fregions%2Fregion3.html
desc:	SketchesoftraditionalAbenakiandPenobscotdress.

title:	Four Directions Institute: Penobscot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FP%2FPenobscot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fourdir.com%2Fpenobscot.htm
desc:	Tribalprofile,timeline,andlinks.

title:	Penobscot Language and the Penobscot Indian Tribe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FP%2FPenobscot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.native-languages.org%2Fpenobscot.htm
desc:	Language,culture,historyandgenealogy.Withakids'section.

title:	Penobscot Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FP%2FPenobscot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.penobscotnation.org%2Fmuseum%2FIndex.htm
desc:	TriballyownedandoperatedmuseuminMaine.

title:	Penobscot Nation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FP%2FPenobscot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.penobscotnation.org%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofthisIndiantribeincludespoliticalandbusinessinformation,articles,andthePenobscotMuseum.

title:	Australian Government Department of Immigration and Border Protection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FMoving_and_Relocating%2FInternational_Relocation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.border.gov.au%2F
desc:	ResourceforthoseconsideringemigratingtoAustralia.Includesinformationforbusinessesandindividuals,factsheetsandforms,suchasonlineentitlementtovisaverification,withlinkstosocialmedia.

title:	Emigrate UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FMoving_and_Relocating%2FInternational_Relocation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emigrate.co.uk%2F
desc:	ResourceforguidanceonmigrationbetweenUK,USA,Commonwealthandothercountries.Includesarticlesonvisatypes,internationalremovals,transfersofpets,financesandpropertyabroad,education,recruitmentandrelevantlaws.Planneravailablebydownload.

title:	Global Outpost Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FMoving_and_Relocating%2FInternational_Relocation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.outpostexpat.nl%2F
desc:	CollectionofbothpracticalandgeneralcountryinformationcreatedtohelpexpatriatefamiliesonthemovetotheNetherlands.

title:	Ancient Mesoamerican Civilizations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fca%2Fhumanorigins%2F
desc:	Informationonthewritingsystems,governmentandreligionsoftheMaya,Mixtec,Zapotec,andAztec,byKevinL.Callahan,UniversityofMinnesota,withreferencesandlinks.

title:	Archeological Sites Mesoamerica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mines.edu%2Ffs_home%2Fjsneed%2Fcourses%2FLISS.380-83%2FLISS.381%2Fresources%2Fsites%2Findex.shtml
desc:	JosephSneedoftheColoradoSchoolofMinesprovidesinformationaboutselectedarchaeologicalsitesrelevanttoacourseontechnology,environmentandhumanadaptationinpre-europeanMesoamerica.

title:	Aztec, Olmec and Mesoamerica Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historylink101.com%2F1%2Faztec%2Fancient_aztec.htm
desc:	Offerslinkscategorizedinfiveareas:art,dailylife,maps,pictures,andresearch.

title:	AZTLAN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fzine%2Fmeso%2Fmeso%2Faztlan.txt
desc:	WeblistopentoallpersonsinterestedinPre-Columbiancultures,whetheramateursorprofessionals.

title:	Chronological Table of Mesoamerican Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpages.ucsd.edu%2F%7Edkjordan%2Farch%2Fmexchron.html
desc:	D.K.Jordan'sprovisionalchronologydesignedtoaccompanyMichaelD.Coe'sbooksTheMaya(1999)andMexico(1994),onwhichitislargelybased.

title:	Debunking the Pyramids 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanth507.tripod.com%2Fpyramids.htm
desc:	ThepyramidsofEgyptandMesoamericaarerelated,right?Thispaperdispelsmythsregardinghyperdiffusionismandthepyramids,focusingonthedissimilaritiesofMesoamericanandEgyptianpyramids.

title:	The Foundation for the Advancement of Mesoamerican Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.famsi.org%2F
desc:	FostersincreasedunderstandingofancientMesoamericancultures.PhotographicarchivesofJustinKerrandthetechnicaldrawingarchivesofLindaScheleandJohnMontgomery.Grantinformationandbibliography.

title:	The Foundation of Latin American Anthropological Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maya-art-books.org%2F
desc:	Providesinformationaboutarchaeology,artandarchitectureoftheancientMayaandotherpre-Columbiancultures;photographicarchive;travel;bookservice;andphotographyandimaging.

title:	Institute for Mesoamerican Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albany.edu%2Fims%2F
desc:	Non-profitinstitutestudyingtheancientandmodernpeoplesandculturesofMesoamerica.

title:	Mesoamerica Web Ring by James Q. Jacobs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jqjacobs.net%2Fmesoamerica%2F
desc:	PhotogalleriesofTeotihuacan,ChichenItza,Uxmal,Palenque,Izapa,stonesculpturesandartifacts.IncludesaMesoamericanarchaeoastronomyarticle.

title:	Mesoamerican Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fzine%2Fmeso%2F
desc:	Collectedscholarlyfiles,links,resources,softwareandreportsrelevantorinterestingtoMesoamericanandPre-ColumbianArchaeology.

title:	Mesoamerican Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww90.homepage.villanova.edu%2Flowell.gustafson%2Fmaya.htm
desc:	ImagegalleryofMesoamericanarchitecture.

title:	Mesoamerican Photo Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mesoamerican-archives.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesagalleryofphotographsbyDavidR.Hixson,agraduatestudentinTulaneUniversity'sDepartmentofAnthropology.

title:	Mesoamerican Themes and Chaco Canyon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colorado.edu%2FConferences%2Fchaco%2Fmesomod.htm
desc:	AnessaywithreferencesbyF.J.MathienonarcheologicallinksbetweenthenativeculturesofNorthandCentralAmerica.PartofavirtualconferenceonChacobytheUniversityofColorado.

title:	Mesoweb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mesoweb.com%2F
desc:	AlargecollectionofarticlesandresourcesonMesoamericaanditscultures,primarilyMaya,AztecandOlmec,maintainedbyJoelSkidmore.IncludesanillustratedencyclopediaofMesoamerica.

title:	Mexicon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mexicon.de%2F
desc:	PublicationfeaturesnewsandstudiesonMesoamerica.

title:	Middle American Research Institute (MARI) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology%2FPeriods_and_Cultures%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tulane.edu%2F%7Emari%2F
desc:	Conducts,supports,andpublishesresearchintheanthropology,andespeciallythearchaeologyofMexicoandCentralAmerica.

title:	Campaign Against Racism and Fascism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irr.org.uk%2Fcarf%2F
desc:	Independentcampaigninggroup;includestheirprofile,contactsandlinks.

title:	Centre for Education for Racial Equality in Scotland (CERES) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ceres.education.ed.ac.uk%2F
desc:	ProjectfundedbytheScottishExecutiveEducationDepartmenttocombatracismintheeducationsystem;informationaboutprojects,legislation,resources,andanarchive.

title:	Centre for Research in Ethnic Relations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.warwick.ac.uk%2Ffac%2Fsoc%2Fcrer
desc:	AsitefromtheWarwickUniversityresearchinstitute.

title:	Forum Against Islamophobia and Racism (FAIR) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fairuk.org%2F
desc:	OrganisationworkingagainstIslamophobicdiscriminationandharassment.Informationabouttheiractivities,campaigns,andtheirmediamonitoringservice.

title:	Guardian Unlimited Special Report: Race In Britain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fworld%2Frace
desc:	Ongoingcoverageincludingarchivesofnews,analysis,commentaryandbackgrounders.Linkstoorganisationsandgovernmenttextsandcommissionreports.

title:	Guardian Unlimited Special Report: Religion in the UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fworld%2Freligion
desc:	Continuingcoveragewithnews,commentary,analysisandlinkstowebresources.IncludesissuesinvolvingthefaithsinBritain,faithschoolsandreligioushatred.

title:	Institute of Race Relations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irr.org.uk%2F
desc:	TheawardwinningsiteofthisLondon-basedorganisation.Topics,featuresandnews.

title:	Jewish Council for Racial Equality (JCORE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jcore.org.uk%2F
desc:	FormedtocombatdiscriminationandpromoteracialjusticeinBritain.Informationaboutmembership,activities,publications,andresources.

title:	Ligali 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ligali.org%2F
desc:	Britishbasedorganisationpromotingthesocio-politicalandspiritualempowermentofpeoplewithdirectorindirectAfricanheritage.Includesprofile,constitution,FAQs,forum,andinformationontheirnewsletterandradio,aswellaspodcasts.

title:	Movement for Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.users.globalnet.co.uk%2F%7Ejustice%2Fhome.htm
desc:	CampaignsagainstracistinjusticesagainstBlackpeopleandethnicminorities,particularlyatthehandsofthepolice.

title:	Race 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.bbc.co.uk%2Fhi%2Fenglish%2Fstatic%2Fin_depth%2Fuk%2F2002%2Frace%2F
desc:	IndepthresourceonraceinBritain,fromBBCNewsOnline;includessurvey,articles,andanalysis.

title:	Runnymede Trust 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.runnymedetrust.org%2F
desc:	Anindependentpolicyresearchorganisationfocusingonequalityandjusticethroughthepromotionofasuccessfulmulti-ethnicsociety.Informationaboutprojects,publications,events,andresources.

title:	Stephen Lawrence Inquiry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gov.uk%2Fgovernment%2Fpublications%2Fthe-stephen-lawrence-inquiry
desc:	OnlineversionofFinalReportandActionPlanprogressassociatedwithSirWilliamMacpherson'sInquiryintothedeathofStephenLawrenceon22April1993toidentifythelessonstobelearnedfortheinvestigationandprosecutionofraciallymotivatedcrimes.FinalreportFebruary1999,actionplansongoing.

title:	Unite Against Fascism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FIssues%2FRace-Ethnic-Religious_Relations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uaf.org.uk%2F
desc:	CampaigningagainstthefarrightinBritain,especiallytheBritishNationalParty.

title:	World History Archives: History of Central America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Region%2FCentral_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hartford-hwp.com%2Farchives%2F47%2F
desc:	Collectionofdocumentsrelatedtovarioushistoricaleventsandtopics.

title:	Educational achievement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FEducation%2FSpecialist_Programmes%2FEthnic_Minority_Achievement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.bbc.co.uk%2Fhi%2Fenglish%2Fstatic%2Fin_depth%2Fuk%2F2002%2Frace%2Feducational_achievement.stm
desc:	ReportanalysingtheachievementofethnicminoritypupilsinBritishschools.[BBCNews]

title:	Organization for the European Minorities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurominority.eu%2F
desc:	Aboutnational,culturalandregionalminorities,nativepeoples,ethnicgroups,specificareasandregionswithstrongparticularismandfederalistictendencies.

title:	Abenaki Language (Abnaki-Penobscot) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FAbenaki-Penobscot_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.native-languages.org%2Fabna.htm
desc:	Pronunciationguide,languagelearningworksheets,andculturalinformation.

title:	Cowasuck Band of the Pennacook-Abenaki People: The Abenaki Language. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FAbenaki-Penobscot_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cowasuck.org%2Flanguage.cfm
desc:	Abenakiwordlists,grammarlessons,andaudiofiles.

title:	Elie Joubert's Language Lessons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FAbenaki-Penobscot_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreepages.genealogy.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Eabenaki%2FWobanaki%2Findex.htm
desc:	Words,sentences,andaudiofilesfromanAbenakielder.

title:	Wabanaki Names 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FAbenaki-Penobscot_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nedoba.org%2Fb_menu_people.html
desc:	Indexofpropernames,somewithinformationaboutthehistoricalpersonalitieswhomadethempopular.

title:	Wikipedia: Abenaki-Penobscot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FAbenaki-Penobscot_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FAbenaki-Penobscot_language
desc:	ArticleontheAbnaki-Penobscotlanguageincludingaphonologicalinventoryandsomegrammaticalinformation.

title:	Ulster-Scots Agency 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNorthern_Ireland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FUlster-Scots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ulsterscotsagency.com%2F
desc:	ResponsibleforpromotinganddevelopingtheUlster-Scotslanguageandculture.Includesaudiofiles,eventlistingsandcompetitions.

title:	Institute of Ulster Scots Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNorthern_Ireland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FUlster-Scots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arts.ulster.ac.uk%2Fulsterscots%2F
desc:	TheUniversityofUlstersInstituteofUlsterScotsaimstoexplorethehistory,heritageandlegacyoftheUlsterScotspeople.ThefocusoftheresearchcarriedoutwillbeontheUlsterScotsDiaspora.

title:	Scotch-Irish Society of the United States of America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNorthern_Ireland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FUlster-Scots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scotch-irishsocietyusa.org%2F
desc:	PromotesScotch-Irish(Ulster-American)historyandculture.PresentsinformationontheCenterforScotch-IrishStudies,JournalofScotch-IrishStudies,Scotch-IrishSocietyoftheUSA,andScotch-IrishFoundation.

title:	Ulster-Scots Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNorthern_Ireland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FUlster-Scots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ulster-scots.co.uk%2F
desc:	Ulster-Scotsnews,history,cultureandheritage.

title:	Association of European Migration Institutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Faemi.eu%2F
desc:	OrganizationsinEuropeinvolvedinimmigrationandemigrationresearch.Oresentationwithinternationalmeetings,publications,membership,newsblog,linkstopartners,resourcesandsocialmedia.

title:	European University Institute: Migration Policy Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.migrationpolicycentre.eu%2F
desc:	Conductspolicy-orientedresearchonglobalmigration,asylumandmobility,aimingtodevelop,implementandmonitorpopulationmovementsandconsequences.Includesevents,databases,publications,blogandlinkstorelatedresources,videosandsocialmedia,basedinFirenze,Italy.

title:	Indo-European Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centrostudilaruna.it%2Findoeuropei.html
desc:	Indo-Europeanoriginsandmigrationsaccordingtomanydifferenttheoriesandviews.

title:	Migration Dialogue 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmigration.ucdavis.edu%2F
desc:	Newsandanalysisofimportantimmigrationandintegrationdevelopmentsoftheprecedingmonth.Sitealsofeaturesadirectoryoflinksandprovidesonlineaccesstomigrationandrefugeedatasets.

title:	The Migration Information Source 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.migrationpolicy.org%2Fprograms%2Fmigration-information-source
desc:	Blogrespondingtomigrationdata,featuringcountryprofiles,glossaryofterms,calendarofevents,andlinkstorelatedresources.

title:	Migration Themes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imin.hr%2Fen%2Fmet%2F
desc:	Publicationrelatingtomigration,ethnicityandidentityproblemsinsocialsciencesandthehumanities.

title:	NSW Migration Heritage Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.migrationheritage.nsw.gov.au%2F
desc:	Documentationto2012ofexhibitionsfeaturingcommunitycollections,familybelongingsandpeople'smemoriesillustratingthehistoryofimmigrantstoNSW,Australia.

title:	UNESCO: Migration and Inclusive Societies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unesco.org%2Fnew%2Fen%2Fsocial-and-human-sciences%2Fthemes%2Finternational-migration%2F
desc:	Providesinformationontheprotectionofmigrants'rights.Offersaglossaryofterms,news,andfulltextpublications.

title:	World Bank: People Move 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEthnic_Studies%2FMigration_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblogs.worldbank.org%2Fpeoplemove%2F
desc:	Ablogaboutmigration,remittancesandpopulationdevelopmentamongthetransitionstatesofEurope,Asiaandacrosstheglobe.Linkstoauthors'profilesandpublications,andreaders'commentsbyregistration.

title:	Penobscot Indians (Penobscots) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FSocial_Studies%2FGeography%2FNorth_America%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FPenobscot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigorrin.org%2Fpenobscot_kids.htm
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
ExplainsPenobscotculture,history,languageandlifestyleinsimplequestion-and-answerformat.Withlinkstomoreextensiveinformation.

title:	Penobscot Nation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FSocial_Studies%2FGeography%2FNorth_America%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FPenobscot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.penobscotnation.org%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
OfficialwebsiteofthisIndiantribeincludespoliticalandbusinessinformation,articles,andthePenobscotMuseum.

title:	Penobscot Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FSocial_Studies%2FGeography%2FNorth_America%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FPenobscot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indigenouspeople.net%2Fpenobsco.htm
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
FourtraditionalPenobscotIndianlegends.

title:	Mover Reviews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FConsumer_Information%2FHome_and_Family%2FMoving_and_Relocating&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moverreviews.com%2F
desc:	Providesadirectoryofmovers,moverreviewsandarticlesonmovingscams.

title:	The Moving Doctors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FConsumer_Information%2FHome_and_Family%2FMoving_and_Relocating&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.movedoc.com%2F
desc:	Adviceonmovingyourfamily,selectingrealestateagents,movingcompany,rentingandhomesale.

title:	Really Moving 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FConsumer_Information%2FHome_and_Family%2FMoving_and_Relocating&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reallymoving.com%2F
desc:	Afreeservicethatprovidesinstantquotesfromconveyancingsolicitors,charteredsurveyorsandhomeremovalcompanies.

title:	Self Storage Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FConsumer_Information%2FHome_and_Family%2FMoving_and_Relocating&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.selfstorages.net%2F
desc:	Find,compareandleaseselfstorageunits,ministorageandpublicstoragesforrentbycity,stateorZIPcode.

title:	The Guardian - Queen's speech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fpolitics%2Fqueens-speech
desc:	Fullcoverageofthecurrentyear'sspeechitselfwithtranscriptandaudio.Includescomment,analysis,sectionsforeachoftheareascoveredandwebresources.

title:	The Guardian - Queen's Speech 2002 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fpolitics%2Fqueensspeech2002
desc:	Coverageofthespeechitselfwithtranscriptandaudio.Includescomment,analysis,sectionsforeachoftheareascoveredandwebresources.

title:	The Guardian - Queen's Speech 2003 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fpolitics%2Fqueensspeech2003%2F0%2C13994%2C1069450%2C00.html
desc:	Fullcoverageofthespeechitselfwithtranscriptandaudio.Includescomment,analysis,sectionsforeachoftheareascoveredandwebresources.

title:	The Guardian - Queen's Speech 2004 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fpolitics%2Fqueensspeech2004
desc:	Fullcoverageofthespeechitselfwithtranscriptandaudio.Includescomment,analysis,sectionsforeachoftheareascoveredandwebresources.

title:	The Guardian - Queen's speech 2005 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fpolitics%2Fqueensspeech2005
desc:	Fullcoverageofthespeechitselfwithtranscriptandaudio.Includescomment,analysis,sectionsforeachoftheareascoveredandwebresources.

title:	Spinwatch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spinwatch.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitcompany,runbyjournalistsandacademics,toinvestigatepublicinterests.Includesprofile,campaigns,issues,donationappeal,blogandsocialmedialinks.

title:	UK Parliament: Bills before Parliament 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fservices.parliament.uk%2Fbills%2F
desc:	OfficialdirectoryofBillsfromboththeHouseofCommonsandtheHouseofLords,withlinkstofulltext,explanatorynotesandamendmentsforeach.

title:	United Kingdom Legislation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.legislation.gov.uk%2F
desc:	UKlegislation,includingActsofParliament,StatutoryInstrumentsandMeasuresoftheGeneralSynodoftheChurchofEngland.FromtheOfficeofPublicSectorInformation.

title:	Mayan Rubbings and Batik Serigraphs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FAncient_Art%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mayancollection.com%2Frubbings%2F
desc:	MayanstelaereproductionsbyJamesA.McBridefromhisoriginalMayanrubbings1970-1971.

title:	Merle Greene Robertson's Rubbings of Mayan Sculpture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FAncient_Art%2FMesoamerican&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mesoweb.com%2Frubbings%2F
desc:	InformationandimagesfromMesowebonDrRobertsonandtherubbingsofMayanreliefsshemadein1962.

title:	The Algonquian Conference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umanitoba.ca%2Falgonquian%2F
desc:	LinguisticspapersandotherinformationonAlgonquianlanguages.

title:	Algonquian Language Family (Algic) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.native-languages.org%2Ffamalg.htm
desc:	Algonquianfamilytree,withlinkstoinformationandexamplesofeachlanguage.

title:	Algonquian Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FAlgonquian
desc:	ArticleintheWikipedia,includingalistofEnglishloanwordsfromAlgonquianlanguages.

title:	The Blood is Strong Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthebloodisstrong.com%2FphpBB3%2Findex.php
desc:	AdiscussionforumforScotsandScottishexpats.

title:	Caledonian Society of Baton Rouge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csbr.org%2F
desc:	AmericansocietydedicatedtothepromotionofScottisharts,historyandcultureintheUnitedStates.

title:	Campaign for Scottish culture in schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siliconglen.scot%2Fculture%2Fscotland.html
desc:	CampaigntopromotetheteachingofScotland'sculture(especiallyGaelicandScotslanguages)inScottishschools.

title:	Electric Scotland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.electricscotland.com%2F
desc:	AmajoreducationalresourceonthehistoryofScotland,ScotsandScots-IrishaswellasconsiderablecontentonclansandfamiliesofScottishdescentaroundtheworld.

title:	Haggishead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.haggishead.com
desc:	NorthAmerica'sScottishportal,withresourcesforanyoneinterestedinScotlandandtheScottishwayoflife.

title:	Heart o' Scotland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heartoscotland.com%2F
desc:	Articles,essays,andbriefbooksummariesonScotland'scultureandhistory,includingmythsandlegends,tartansandclans,cooking,andcrafts.

title:	ScotChat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scotchat.co.uk%2F
desc:	OnlinecommunityforScottishpeopleathomeorabroad.OffersdiscussiononScottishtopicsincludingculture,language,music,andcuisine.

title:	A Tribute to Alexander and Euphemia Ritchie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alexander-ritchie.co.uk%2F
desc:	TributetoAlexanderandEuphemiaRitchieandtheirsilverart,madeonthetinyislandofIonaintheInnerHebridesc.1900to1941.OffershistoryofScottishprovincialjewelry,withphotosandlinks.

title:	X Marks the Scot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FScottish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xmarksthescot.com%2F
desc:	Forumdedicatedtothekilt,withroomsontraditionalandmodernkiltsandadvice.

title:	Ballybeg Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FIrish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ballybegvillage.com%2F
desc:	ResourcesonIrishgenealogyandancestry,alsoofferinginformationonIrishculturalandhistoricalicons.

title:	Clover's Irish Weekend Festival 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FCeltic%2FIrish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freewebs.com%2Firishvalley%2F
desc:	SpotlightstheannualCloverIrishWeekendFestival,oneofthepremierecelebrationsofIrishcultureontheEasternseaboard.Withpicturesandreportsofpreviousfestivals,andinformationonupcomingvenues.

title:	Ulster-Scots Voices 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNorthern_Ireland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FUlster-Scots_Dialect&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Fnorthernireland%2Flearning%2Fvoices%2Fulsterscots%2F
desc:	AsetofUlster-ScotslearningmaterialfromBBCNorthernIreland.

title:	High tae speak Norn Iron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNorthern_Ireland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FUlster-Scots_Dialect&url=http%3A%2F%2Fspeaknorniron.8m.net%2F
desc:	HumorouslookattheNorthernIrishlanguage.

title:	Scots Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNorthern_Ireland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FUlster-Scots_Dialect&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scots-online.org%2F
desc:	IntroductiontomodernScotsorthography,pronunciation,dialects,grammarandidiom.IncludessectionsonUlster-Scots.

title:	Ulster Scots Agency 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNorthern_Ireland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FUlster-Scots_Dialect&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ulsterscotsagency.com%2F
desc:	TheofficialagencyforUlsterScots.

title:	Legend of Maggie Ramsay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FScotland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FFolklore&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monklands.co.uk%2Fpennyproject%2Fmaggie.htm
desc:	ThetaleofMaggieRamsay,thewitchoftheAuldNorthBurn.

title:	Scottish Traditional Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FScotland%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FFolklore&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.electricscotland.com%2Fmusic%2Ftales%2F
desc:	IntroductiontoScottishtalesandstorytelling,withbibliography,andsampletales.

title:	Ethnologue: Wiyot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FWiyot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethnologue.com%2Flanguage%2Fwiy
desc:	Basicdemographicandlinguisticinformation.

title:	Wikipedia: Wiyot language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FWiyot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FWiyot_language
desc:	Articleincludingaphonologicalinventoryandbibliography.

title:	Wiyot Language and the Wiyot Indian Tribe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FWiyot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.native-languages.org%2Fwiyot.htm
desc:	Pronunciationguide,languagelearningworksheets,andculturalinformation.

title:	Ethnologue: Yurok 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FYurok&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethnologue.com%2Flanguage%2Fyur
desc:	Basicdemographicandlinguisticinformation.

title:	Wikipedia: Yurok language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FYurok&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FYurok_language
desc:	Articleincludingaphonologicalinventoryandbibliography.

title:	Yurok Language and the Yurok Indian Tribe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAlgic%2FYurok&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.native-languages.org%2Fyurok.htm
desc:	Pronunciationguide,languagelearningworksheets,andculturalinformation.

title:	Bannockburn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FMiddle_Ages%2FWar_and_Weapons%2FScottish_Wars_of_Independence&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.braveheart.co.uk%2Fmacbrave%2Fhistory%2Fbruce%2Fbannock.htm
desc:	TheBattleofBannockburn,1314,partoftheScottishWarofIndependencewithmapandsequenceofevents.

title:	First War of Scottish Independence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FMiddle_Ages%2FWar_and_Weapons%2FScottish_Wars_of_Independence&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FThe_First_Wars_of_Scottish_Independence_%281296-1314%29
desc:	ThewarforindependenceandthestoryofthestrugglefoughtandwonbyWilliamWallaceandRobertBruce.

title:	Isabella of France 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FMiddle_Ages%2FWar_and_Weapons%2FScottish_Wars_of_Independence&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FIsabella_of_France
desc:	BriefbiographyofIsabellaofFrance,whowasPrincessofWalesduringthe13th-14thC.ScottishWars.

title:	The Lord Lyon and his Jurisdiction 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FMiddle_Ages%2FWar_and_Weapons%2FScottish_Wars_of_Independence&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heraldica.org%2Ftopics%2Fbritain%2Flordlyon.htm
desc:	GeneralinformationonScottishheraldry,alongwithcitationsfrom12th-19thCenturiesforcoatsofarms.

title:	Magic Dragon Multimedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FMiddle_Ages%2FWar_and_Weapons%2FScottish_Wars_of_Independence&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magicdragon.com%2F
desc:	ModernandhistoricalimagesandinformationconcerningRobertBruceandWilliamWallace.

title:	Strathearn.com - War with England 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FMiddle_Ages%2FWar_and_Weapons%2FScottish_Wars_of_Independence&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strathearn.com%2Fge%2Fhistory1c.htm
desc:	ArticledetailingthehistoryofCrieff,ComrieandAuchterarder-Perthshire.FeaturesinformationaboutWallaceandBruceatStirling.

title:	The Elphinstone Kist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FScots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abdn.ac.uk%2Felphinstone%2Fkist%2F
desc:	AtreasuryofScotslanguageandlorefromNorthEastScotland.

title:	The Scots Language Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FScots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lallans.co.uk%2F
desc:	TheScotsLanguageSocietywasfoundedin1972andexiststopromoteScotsinliteraturedrama,themedia,educationandineverydayusage.

title:	Scots Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FScots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scots-online.org%2F
desc:	IntroductiontomodernScotsorthography,pronunciation,dialects,grammarandidiom,withScotsReader,OnlineScotsDictionary,Clishmaclaiverchatroomandlinkstorelatedmaterials.

title:	Scotstext 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FScots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscotstext.org%2F
desc:	ArepositoryoftraditionalliteratureinthelanguageofLowlandScotland.

title:	Scottish Corpus of Texts and Speech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FScots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottishcorpus.ac.uk%2F
desc:	InternetaccessiblecorpusoftextsandspeechspecificallydedicatedtothelanguagesofScotland.

title:	101 Least Lucky St. Patrick's Day Toasts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fal.net%2F101%2Ftoasts.html
desc:	Thingsnottosaywhenhoistingafew.FromthemalcontentsofsatireatFAL.net.

title:	Christine O'Keeffe's St. Patrick's Day Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tartanplace.com%2Fstpat.html
desc:	Includesanoverviewoftheoldestsourcematerialswithexcerpts,legends,placenames,andcustoms,gamesandbibliography.

title:	Go Green St. Patrick's Card 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.happydaycards.org%2Fholidays_jm%2Fgogreen.html
desc:	Humorousonlinegreetingandlinks.

title:	Happy St. Maewyn's Day? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Feurope.cnn.com%2FEVENTS%2F1996%2Fst_patrick%2Fhistory%2Findex.html
desc:	FeaturesaSt.Patrick'shistoryprimeraboutwhatisbelievedtobehisgivenname(Maewyn),andthelegendofIreland'ssnakes.FromCNN.

title:	How Stuff Works: Saint Patrick's Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpeople.howstuffworks.com%2Fculture-traditions%2Fholidays%2Fsaint-patrick.htm
desc:	ExplanationoftheloreandhistoryofSaintPatrick,thedaythathonorshislife,andthelegendsoftheshamrockandBlarneyStone.

title:	Infoplease.com and St. Patrick's Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoplease.com%2Fspot%2Fstpatsday1.html
desc:	IncludesinformationrelatedtoIrishpoliticsandculture,seasonalcrossword,andonlinequizzes.

title:	Kermit's St. Patrick's Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.happydaycards.org%2Fstories%2Fkermit.html
desc:	WhimsicaloriginalstorypoemaboutKermittheFrog'sviewoftheholiday.Animatedandmusical.

title:	Rockville Centre's St. Patrick's Parade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rvcstpatrick.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopromotingIrishheritageandculture.Mission,history,eventcalendar,photos,pastGrandMarshals,thecharities,andfurthernews.

title:	Saint Patrick's Day - IrishAbroad.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishabroad.com%2Fstpatrick%2F
desc:	InformationaboutStPatrick'sDay.

title:	The Somerville Saint Patrick's Day Parade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.somervillesaintpatricksparade.com%2F
desc:	TheofficialsiteoftheorganizationpromotesandorganizesthislocalfairforSomerville,NJ.Includesnewsandevents,sponsorslinks,committeemembers,andphotos.

title:	St. Particks' Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christmascarnivals.com%2Fstpatrick%2Findex.html
desc:	Providesinformationabouthistory,customs,andsymbols.Alsofeaturesrecipes.

title:	St. Patrick's Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.st-patricks-day.com%2F
desc:	Reflectsonholiday,includesbiographicalsketchofSt.Patrick,andprovideslinkstoothersites.

title:	St. Patrick's Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twilightbridge.com%2Fhobbies%2Ffestivals%2Fpatrick%2Findex.htm
desc:	IncludesthehistoryofSt.Patrick,famousIrishblessings,music,recipes,wallpapers,screensavers,andhumor.

title:	St. Patrick's Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstpatricksday.com%2F
desc:	ContainslistingofIrishparades,Irishhistoryandfacts,recipes,writingsofSt.Patrick,onlinegamesanddownloads.

title:	St. Patrick's Day Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtualquincy.com%2Fquincy%2Fholiday%2Fstpatrick.html
desc:	ComprehensivedirectoryofSt.Patrick'sdaylinks.Includescrafts,history,traditions,andrecipes.

title:	St. Patrick's Day Parade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishparade.org%2F
desc:	Providesinformationontheannualparade,five-milerun,anddinnerpartyinSt.Louis,MO.

title:	St. Patrick's Day Webring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Ereggie_t%2Fstpatwb.htm
desc:	St.Patrick'sdaywebringhomepage.

title:	St. Patrick's Festival 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stpatricksday.ie%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationabouttheofficialcelebrationinDublin,Ireland.

title:	St. Patrick's Parade Society of Toronto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstpatrickstoronto.com%2F
desc:	StagesannualparadeandothereventscommemoratingtheSt.Patrick'sDayinToronto,Ontario,Canada.

title:	Tigger and Pooh's St. Patrick's Day Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fyt2%2Ftiggernadpooh%2Fpatrick.html
desc:	Recipes,screensavers,Irishblessings,andcoloringpages.

title:	Wearin' o' the Green 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FSt._Patrick%27s_Day&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kate.net%2Fholidays%2Fshamrock%2F
desc:	St.Patrick'sDayandIrishlinksontheweb.

title:	Lancashire Dialect Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelancashiresociety.org.uk%2F
desc:	Membershipinformationandsometextsinthedialect.

title:	Northumbrian Language Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northumbriana.org.uk%2Flangsoc%2F
desc:	Promotes,preserves,researches,publishesandenjoysthedialectsfromNorthumberland

title:	Talk Tidy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftalktidy.com%2F
desc:	AhumorousdictionaryoftheEnglishdialectusedinandaroundthevalleysofSouthWales.

title:	Whoohoo.co.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whoohoo.co.uk%2F
desc:	TranslateyourEnglishphrase,emailortextmessageintoavarietyofdifferentBritishdialectsincludingGeordie,CockneyRhymingSlang,Irish,Brummie,Scottish,Scouse,PoshandAliG.

title:	Yorkshire Dialect Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yorkshiredialectsociety.org.uk%2F
desc:	Scholarlysocietymeetsfourtimesayear.Publishesanannualjournal,"TransactionsoftheYorkshireDialectSociety."

title:	The Catacombs of Rome 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FAncient_Art&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arsmar.com%2Fce_art.htm
desc:	ArsMarFilmdescribestheartoftheChristiancatacombsofRome,whichincludefrescoes,sculpturesandinscriptions.

title:	Himmapan: 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FAncient_Art&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.himmapan.com%2F
desc:	AboutmythicalcreaturesthatexistinAsianlegends.

title:	English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FEducation%2FSpecialist_Programmes%2FEnglish_as_an_Additional_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scotland.gov.uk%2FTopics%2FEducation%2Fesol
desc:	InformationfromtheScottishExecutiveaboutstrategiesandresourcesforadultlearnersofEnglishasasecondlanguageinScotland.

title:	National Association for Language Development in the Curriculum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FEducation%2FSpecialist_Programmes%2FEnglish_as_an_Additional_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naldic.org.uk%2F
desc:	AprofessionalbodyforallthoseinterestedinraisingtheachievementofbilingualpupilswithEnglishasanAdditionalLanguage;informationaboutmembership,publications,events,andresources.

title:	Northern Association of Support Services for Equality and Achievement (NASSEA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FEducation%2FSpecialist_Programmes%2FEnglish_as_an_Additional_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nassea.org.uk%2F
desc:	AnetworkoflocaleducationauthorityservicesandteamsinthenorthofEngland;worksasaforumforinformation,discussion,andstrategyforEALandbilingualsupport.Includesinformationaboutmembership,activities,events,andresources.

title:	Scottish Association for the Teaching of English as a Foreign Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FEducation%2FSpecialist_Programmes%2FEnglish_as_an_Additional_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sateal.org.uk%2F
desc:	Providesaforumforteachersandstudent-teacherstomeetandexchangeideasonEnglishLanguageTeaching.Includesinformationaboutactivitiesandevents,publications,newsletters,andmembership.

title:	Four Directions Institute: Yurok 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FY%2FYurok&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fourdir.com%2Fyurok.htm
desc:	Tribalprofile,timeline,andlinks.

title:	Yurok Language and the Yurok Indian Tribe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FY%2FYurok&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.native-languages.org%2Fyurok.htm
desc:	Language,culture,historyandgenealogy.

title:	Dictionary of the Scots Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FS%2FScots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dsl.ac.uk%2F
desc:	CompriseselectroniceditionsofthetwomajorhistoricaldictionariesoftheScotslanguage:theDictionaryoftheOlderScottishTongue(DOST)andtheScottishNationalDictionary(SND).

title:	Ngaio Press: Glossary of Scots Dialect 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FS%2FScots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ngaiopress.com%2Fglossary.htm
desc:	SmallsampleofScotsvocabularywithEnglishequivalents.

title:	The Online Scots Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FS%2FScots&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scots-online.org%2Fdictionary%2F
desc:	AndyEagleprovidesinteractivetranslationfromScotsintoEnglish.

title:	The Jacobite Cause 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FEighteenth_Century%2FWars_and_Conflicts%2FJacobite_Rebellion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Fhistory%2Fbritish%2Fcivil_war_revolution%2Fscotland_jacobites_01.shtml
desc:	Coversthereligiousandpoliticalloyaltieswhichleadtotheconflict.

title:	Jacobitism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FEighteenth_Century%2FWars_and_Conflicts%2FJacobite_Rebellion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FJacobite_Rebellions
desc:	Capsulehistorywithlinks.

title:	Earthlore Explorations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elore.com%2Fireland.htm
desc:	Nationalandregionalprofiles,histories,studytools,galleriesandtales.

title:	Irish Abroad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishabroad.com%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonsports,news,events,bars,businesses,emigration,genealogyaboutIrelandandtheIrishDiaspora.

title:	Irish Culture And Customs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishcultureandcustoms.com%2F
desc:	History,traditions,emblems,recipes,folklore,mythsandlegends.

title:	The Island Trust 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepage.eircom.net%2F%7Etheislandtrust
desc:	OfferinghelptotheislandersoftheislandsoftheAtlanticcoastofIrelandespeciallyconcerningjobsandinfrastructuredevelopment.

title:	Merchants Quay Ireland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mqi.ie%2F
desc:	Agencyinformation,newstracking,briefingpublications,andweblinksregardinghomelessness,substanceabuseandrelatedissuesinDublin.

title:	Missing Irish People 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missing.ws%2F
desc:	HelplocateIrishmissingpersons.

title:	National Gallery Of Ireland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalgallery.ie%2F
desc:	Detailsaboutexhibitions,programmesandevents,generalinformationandgallerynews.

title:	Status Ireland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.statusireland.com%2F
desc:	Chartsincludehousepricesandpropertystatistics,population,economyandfinancesandalsotheclimate.

title:	Four Directions Institute: Wiyot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FW%2FWiyot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fourdir.com%2Fwiyot.htm
desc:	Tribalprofile,timeline,andlinks.

title:	Wiyot Language and the Wiyot Indian Tribe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FW%2FWiyot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.native-languages.org%2Fwiyot.htm
desc:	Language,culture,historyandgenealogy.

title:	Wiyot Tribe of California Table Bluff 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FEthnicity%2FThe_Americas%2FIndigenous%2FNative_Americans%2FTribes%2C_Nations_and_Bands%2FW%2FWiyot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiancanyon.org%2Fwiyot1.html
desc:	News,events,andinformationabouttheWiyotIndianTableBlufftribeandcommunity.

title:	Cockney Rhyming Slang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects%2FSlang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aldertons.com%2F
desc:	SlangtoEnglishandviceversa,moneyslang,andvisitorquestions.Arhymingslangsitewithexamplesofhowtousethevariousslangexpressions.

title:	Cockney Rhyming Slang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects%2FSlang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cockneyrhymingslang.co.uk%2F
desc:	The'largest'onlinecollectionofLondon'sbestlovedlanguage.AsearchableA-Zresourcethatacceptssubmissions.

title:	Cockney Rhyming Slang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects%2FSlang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FCockney_rhyming_slang
desc:	AnencyclopaediaarticleonCockneyRhymingSlang,withexamples.

title:	A Dictionary of Slang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage%2FDialects%2FSlang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peevish.co.uk%2Fslang%2F
desc:	Asearchabledictionaryofover3000EnglishslangtermsandcolloquialismscurrentlyusedintheUK,includinglinks,wordarticlesandaselectbibliography.

title:	Alan Cooper's Homonyms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cooper.com%2Falan%2Fhomonym.html
desc:	Extensivelistofhomonyms/homophonesinAmericanEnglishfromvarioussources,alongwithlinks.

title:	The American Dialect Homepage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evolpub.com%2FAmericandialects%2FAmDialhome.html
desc:	ResourceforbothlinguisticandliteraryscholarsaboutregionalvarietiesofEnglishintheUnitedStatesandCanada.Includesmaps,annotatedlinkdirectory,anddialectologybibliography.

title:	The American Language by H.L. Mencken 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bartleby.com%2F185%2F
desc:	OnlinepublicationofthefulltextofaclassicbookonthehistoryandnatureofAmericanEnglish,withparticularattentionpaidtothediscrepanciesbetweenBritishandAmericanEnglish.

title:	American Proprietary Eponyms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.searstower.org%2Frkrause%2Fbrands.html
desc:	DatabaseofAmericanbrandnamesingeneralusetoday.

title:	The Be/Have Paradigm with Intransitive Verbs During the Restoration Period 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.update.uu.se%2F%7Enea%2Fuppsats%2FD_uppsats.html
desc:	AMaster'sthesisfromtheUniversityofUppsala,dealingwiththedevelopmentofbeandhaveasauxiliarieswiththeperfecttenseofintransitiveverbsinthesecondhalfofthe17thcentury.

title:	Common Errors in English 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpublic.wsu.edu%2F%7Ebrians%2Ferrors%2F
desc:	ClearandconciseexplanationofthedifferencebetweencorrectandincorrectusageinAmericanEnglishspelling,grammarandidiom,withentertainingexamples.

title:	International Dialects of English Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dialectsarchive.com%2F
desc:	ExtensivecollectionoffreelydownloadablerecordingsofrealpeoplespeakingEnglishintheirownnativeaccentsanddialects.

title:	Language Sites on the Internet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verbivore.com%2Frllink.htm
desc:	Wordmavensmaybrowseetymology,dictionary,thesauruslinks,linkstoanagrams,oxymorons,palindromes,puns,idioms,banishedwordsandexpressions,city-by-cityslanguage,mondegreens,logophilia,heteronyms,chiasmus,commonpunctuationerrors.

title:	List of Banished Words 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lssu.edu%2Fbanished%2F
desc:	AnnuallistpublishedbyLakeSuperiorStateUniversityofwordsthatshouldbebanishedfromtheEnglishlanguageformisuse,overuse,andjustgeneraluselessness.

title:	Loosely Speaking 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Flooselyspeaking.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Requeststhatthereadertakeaquick,5-questionsurveytodetermineusageinvariousgeographicallocations.

title:	The Nautical Origins of Some Common Expressions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortogden.com%2Fnauticalterms.html
desc:	Explainingthemarineoriginsofsomecommonwords,figuresofspeech,andeverydayexpressions.

title:	Neologism Cliche Aphorism and Novel Language Pattern 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fnd%2Fdanscorpio%2Fword4.html
desc:	Extensivelistofnewsayings,cliches,aphorisms,andneologisms.Hasadditionalpagesonrelatedlanguagematters.

title:	A Study of the Formants of the Pure Vowels of British English 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phon.ucl.ac.uk%2Fhome%2Fwells%2Fformants%2Findex.htm
desc:	MAThesis(1960)ofProf.J.C.WellsoftheUniversityofLondonconcerningthepronunciationofvowelsin"ReceivedPronunciation".

title:	Survey of English Usage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucl.ac.uk%2Fenglish-usage%2F
desc:	UniversityCollege(London)researchersfocusingongrammarandlinguistics,plusworld-wideusage.Includesthe"InternetGrammarofEnglish".

title:	World Wide Words 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldwidewords.org%2F
desc:	Morethan1400pageswhichexplorethehistory,evolution,byways,quirks,andcuriositiesoftheEnglishlanguage.Aweeklynewsletterissentbye-mailandRSS.

title:	The Xtag Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cis.upenn.edu%2F%7Extag%2F
desc:	LexicalizedTreeAdjoiningGrammar(TAG)project,ageometricmethodforanalysingEnglishgrammar.

title:	The Best of British: The American's Guide to Speaking British 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish%2FBritish_vs_American_Dialects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.effingpot.com%2F
desc:	ThedifferencesbetweenAmericanandBritishEnglish,exploredbyaBritlivinginTexas.

title:	English Usage in the UK and USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish%2FBritish_vs_American_Dialects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.krysstal.com%2Fukandusa.html
desc:	Alight-heartedlookatsomedifferencesbetweenEnglishasspokenonbothsidesoftheAtlantic.

title:	United Kingdom English for the American Novice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FGermanic%2FEnglish%2FBritish_vs_American_Dialects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hps.com%2F%7Etpg%2Fukdict%2F
desc:	WordsandphrasesthatmaycauseproblemsforAmericanvisitors.

title:	Refugee Assessment and Guidance Unit (RAGU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FEducation%2FSpecialist_Programmes%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.londonmet.ac.uk%2Fragu%2F
desc:	Aimstoimprovetheemploymentprospectsofrefugeesandasylum-seekerswithhigherleveleducationorprofessionalqualificationsfromtheirowncountries.Includesadvice,andinformationabouttheirservices,projectsandpublications.[LondonMetropolitanUniversity]

title:	Refugees into Teaching in Scotland (RITeS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FEducation%2FSpecialist_Programmes%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strath.ac.uk%2Fcps%2Frites%2F
desc:	SupportsrefugeesandasylumseekerswithteachingqualificationstoenterteachinginScotland.Informationabouttheirservices,partners,andcontactdetails.[UniversityofStrathclyde]

title:	1-language.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.1-language.com%2F
desc:	Includesstudentandteacherforums,chat,jobcenter,multilingualhelplines,linksdirectory,resourcelibraryand,studymaterials.Alsoabankofteachercontributedteachingideas,multilingualtranslationhelp,andinteractivelessons.

title:	Aardvark's English Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.englishforum.com%2F00%2F
desc:	Portalwithresourcesforstudentsandteachers.Interactiveexercises,messageboards,bookshop,schoolguide,webdirectory,andworldnews.

title:	Absolutenglish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpagesperso-orange.fr%2Fabsolutenglish-972%2F
desc:	Lessonplansandactivitiesforgrade9-12studentslearningEnglishasaforeignlanguageandtheirteachers.

title:	Accent Modification Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accentmodification.com%2F
desc:	ProvidespronunciationimprovementprogramsforinternationalspeakersofEnglishaswellasinformationabouttheEnglishlanguage.

title:	The British Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishcouncil.org%2F
desc:	AimstoconnectpeopleworldwidewithlearningopportunitiesandcreativeideasfromtheUK.Includesresourcesforteachersandstudents.

title:	Dave's ESL Cafe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eslcafe.com%2F
desc:	Offersdiscussionforums,chatroom,interactiveexercises,onlinetutorials,andextensivewebguide.Alsoprovidesteachingideasandjobpostings.

title:	English Language Learning Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usingenglish.com%2F
desc:	Questionbankforstudents,languageforum,tests,languagenewsforteachers,andanirregularverblistprogram.

title:	English Language Self Access Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.letslearnenglish.co.uk%2F
desc:	Feebasedlearningmodulesforself-assessment,vocabularyandgrammarwhichincludesafreedemonstration.Forbeginnertoadvancedstudentsaswellasteachers.

title:	ESL Partyland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eslpartyland.com%2F
desc:	Providesmanyinteractivequizzes,discussionforumsandtopic-basedlearningpagesforstudents.Ontheteachersside,lessonsandprintablematerialstouseinclass.

title:	ESLgold.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eslgold.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforteachersandstudentswithavarietyoffreelearningandteachingmaterials,allcategorizedforaccessbyskillandlevel.

title:	A Guide to Learning English as a Second Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fesl.fis.edu%2F
desc:	Grammarandvocabularyquizzesandtipsforteachers,parentsandstudents.

title:	The Linguistic Funland TESL Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tesol.net%2F
desc:	Informationforteachersandstudentsonfindingpenpals,teachingmaterials,activities,andjobs.

title:	Longman English Language Teaching 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.longman-elt.com%2F
desc:	Educationalpublisherofresourcesforallagesandabilities(nursery-post16)acrossthecurriculum.

title:	Oxford Seminars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.oxfordseminars.com%2F
desc:	ESLteachertrainingcertificatecoursesacrossNorthAmerica.

title:	Study Business and Academic English 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ngberger.com%2F
desc:	Courses,materialsandresourcesforstudentsandteachersofacademicandbusinessEnglish.RequiresRealAudioandRealVideo.

title:	TEFL.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tefl.net%2F
desc:	Offersajobswantedandateacherswantedsection,sendsjobupdatesviaEmail,teachertraining,handoutsandresources,lessonplansandateacher'sforum.

title:	The Amazing Ancient World of Western Civilization - Act I 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omnibusol.com%2Fancient.html
desc:	Weavingthevariousancientcivilizationstogetherinonenarrative.

title:	Ancient Britain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pegasusarchive.org%2Fancientbritain%2F
desc:	Photographsandinformationonburialchambers,chalkfigures,henges,hillforts,mounds,roads,andsettlements..

title:	Ancient Civilizations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ancientcivilizations.co.uk%2F
desc:	TheBritishMuseumusesobjectsinitscollectiontoexplorethecities,buildingstechnology,trade,religionandwritingoftheancientworld.Includesmaps.

title:	Ancient Civilizations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lost-civilizations.net%2Fancient-civilizations.html
desc:	Collectedmaterialsandessays.

title:	Ancient History, Archaeology and Biblical Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmcadams.posc.mu.edu%2Ftxt%2F
desc:	Asourceforon-linetextdocuments.

title:	The Ancient World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffsmitha.com%2Fh1%2F
desc:	Electronictextsoncivilizationsincludingmaps..

title:	The Ancient World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.swipnet.se%2F%7Ew-63448%2F
desc:	Collectionofarticlesandlinks.

title:	The Ancient World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ancient-world.org%2F
desc:	Linkstoassociations,museums,andancientcivilizations

title:	Ancient Worlds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ancientworlds.net%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonseveralcivilizationsandmessageforumswithadditionalfeaturestosubscribers.

title:	Ancient/Classical History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fancienthistory.about.com%2F
desc:	Providesarticles,quizzesandothersourcesrelatedtotheancientworld.

title:	Antiquity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fantiquity.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Quarterlyjournalofarchaeologicalresearchwithanarchive,gallery,FAQ,eventsandannouncement,andreviews.

title:	Classics Unveiled 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classicsunveiled.com%2F
desc:	AcomprehensivesourceofinformationforclassicalstudiesincorporatingvariousaspectsofGreekmythology,Romanhistory,RomanlifeandLatinvocabularyandderivatives.

title:	Collapse - Why do Civilizations Fall? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learner.org%2Finteractives%2Fcollapse%2F
desc:	Learnwhathappenswhenasocietycollapses,andhowarchaeologistsfindandinterpretevidence.

title:	Earth's Ancient History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earth-history.com%2F
desc:	Anonlinetextthatexploresthetheoryofancienttimesanddawnofmankind,andincludestranslationsofseveralancienttextsfromSumer,Babylonia,theApocrypha,Pseudepigrapha,andsacredtexts.

title:	History Link 101 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historylink101.com%2F
desc:	Explorestheart,biographies,dailylife,maps,pictures,andresearchoftheancientandprehistoricworld.

title:	Internet Ancient History Sourcebook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fordham.edu%2Fhalsall%2Fancient%2Fasbook.asp
desc:	Linkstovisualandauralmaterialwithemphasisonaccesstoprimarysourcetextsforeducationalpurposes.

title:	Livius 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.livius.org%2F
desc:	Articleandphotographsonsites,cities,civilizations,andempires.

title:	Parsa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parsaworld.com%2F
desc:	AcomprehensivesiteonancientIranfromthetimeofAchaemenidsthroughtheParthianstotheSassanids,andincludesarticles,images,forumandlinkstoresources.

title:	Sebastos - Virtual Caesarea Maritima 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Faustralis.www2.50megs.com%2Fcaesarea%2FCaesarea.html
desc:	Usingcomputergeneratedimagery,exploreHerod'smasterpieceinJudea.

title:	SF-Fandom - Ancient History Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Time_Period%2FAncient&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sf-fandom.com%2Fvbulletin%2Fforumdisplay.php%3F%26daysprune%3D9999%26forumid%3D27
desc:	Moderatedfordiscussionfortimesuptocirca600C.E.

title:	Sesotho sa Leboa - English Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FS&url=http%3A%2F%2Fafricanlanguages.com%2Fsdp%2F
desc:	BidirectionalwordtranslationbetweenNorthernSothoandEnglish.

title:	Asylum Aid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asylumaid.org.uk%2F
desc:	Charityprovidingadviceandlegalrepresentationtoasylum-seekersandrefugees.Campaignsforfairtreatment.

title:	Asylum Destitution Support Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdestitutionaction.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Aimstoraiseawarenessofasylumdestitution,andtopromoteandcoordinatepracticalsupportandaidprojects.Informationonthecrisis,theircampaigneventsandnews,andadirectoryofusefulcontacts.

title:	Asylum Support Appeals Project (ASAP) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asaproject.org%2F
desc:	Aimstosupportpeoplefacedwithasylumsupportappeals,withlegalrepresentation,advice,andinformation.Includesdetailsoftheirservice,factsheets,volunteeropportunities,andcontactdetails.[Croydon]

title:	Refugee Action 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.refugee-action.org.uk%2F
desc:	NationalcharitythatworkswithrefugeestobuildnewlivesintheUK.Includesinformationabouttheiradviceserviceandprojects,campaigns,locations,publicationsandinformationsheets,andcontactdetails.

title:	The Refugee Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.refugeecouncil.org.uk%2F
desc:	OrganisationthathelpsrefugeesandasylumseekersintheUK.Campaignsfor'anopenmindpolicy,notanopendoorpolicy'.

title:	The Refugee Survival Trust 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rst.org.uk%2F
desc:	Providessmallgrantsupporttorefugeefamilies.Detailsofpatrons,trustees,activitiesandlinks.OperatesinScotland.

title:	Right to Remain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Frighttoremain.org.uk%2F
desc:	BringingtogetherfamiliesandindividualsfightingdeportationintheUK.

title:	Scottish Refugee Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottishrefugeecouncil.org.uk%2F
desc:	Offersadvice,informationandassistancetoasylumseekersandrefugeesinScotland.Detailsofevents,publications,news,jobsandvolunteering.

title:	Student Action for Refugees 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganisations%2FRefugees&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.star-network.org.uk%2F
desc:	Givesstudentsandyoungpeopletheopportunitytoraiseawareness,offerpracticalsupport,andcampaignfortherightsofrefugees.Includesbackgroundmaterial,localgroups,newsandcontacts.

title:	Center for Multilingual Multicultural Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FK_through_12%2FBilingual_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usc.edu%2Fdept%2Feducation%2FCMMR%2F
desc:	AdivisionofUSC'sSchoolofEd.TheCMMRcontainsabroadarrayofinformationonpolicy,technology,andinformationespeciallyforparaeducators.

title:	CREDE: Center for Research on Education, Diversity & Excellence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FK_through_12%2FBilingual_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcrede.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	CREDE'smissionistoassistthenation'sdiversestudentsatriskofeducationalfailuretoachieveacademicexcellence.

title:	Office of English Language Acquisition 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FK_through_12%2FBilingual_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ed.gov%2Fabout%2Foffices%2Flist%2Foela%2Findex.html%3Fsrc%3Dmr
desc:	InformationfromtheU.S.DepartmentofEducation,includingstatistics,fundingopportunities,news,andbilingualeducationFAQs.

title:	Sogang Institute: Korean Language Education Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FInternational%2FLanguage_Schools%2FKorean&url=http%3A%2F%2Fklec.sogang.ac.kr%2Froot%2Findex.php%3Flang%3Denglish
desc:	LearnKoreancultureandlanguagethroughregular,shortterm,consignmentbasedandindividualcourses.

title:	Apples4theteacher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apples4theteacher.com%2Fforeignlang.html
desc:	[Kids/Teens]
OffersgamestolearnAmericanSignLanguage,Gaelic,Polish,andSpanish.

title:	ASL Browser 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcommtechlab.msu.edu%2Fsites%2Faslweb%2Fbrowser.htm
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Learnhowtosigncommonwordsandphrasesbywatchingvideoclips.RequiresQuickTimetobeinstalled.Maynotworkonallbrowsers.

title:	Bahasa Indonesian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seasite.niu.edu%2Findonesian%2Fpercakapan%2Findonesia7days%2Findo7days_fs.htm
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
LearnbasicBahasaIndonesian,gearedtowardtravelers.Offers8lessonswithsoundsamples,adictionary,andculturalnotes.

title:	BBC Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Flanguages%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
InteractivelessonsandgameswithsoundclipsandvideosforlearningbasicphrasesinSpanish,French,English,German,andItalian.

title:	Bilingual Vocabulary Quizzes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiteslj.org%2Fv%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Javaquizzestotestyourvocabularyinover20languages.

title:	Dutch for Beginners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forbeginners.info%2Fdutch%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
IntroductiontoDutchgrammarandvocabulary.

title:	Education Guardian - Language Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Feducation%2Flanguageresources
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Speciallyselectedarticles,writtenandaudio,tobroadenvocabularyandgrammaticalskillswhilealsolearningmoreabouteachcountry.French,German,ItalianandSpanish.

title:	Esperanto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esperanto.ca%2Fkurso%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Funwaytolearnaboutthisinventedworldlanguage.Includestherulesfornouns,adjectives,andverbs,andcontainsavocabularysection.Maynotworkwellinallbrowsers.

title:	Hebrew for Me 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zigzagworld.com%2Fhebrewforme%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Acollectionofinteractive,Hebrewmini-lessonsfromJewish/Israelsitesaroundtheworld.

title:	Kiswahili Home Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glcom.com%2Fcyberswahili%2Fswahili.htm
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
LearnaboutthislanguagethatisalsoknownasSwahili.Pageincludesanintroductiontothealphabet,vocabularywords,grammar,nouns,andverbs.Also,includeshistoryofthislanguagethatisusedtodaybycitizensofKenya,TanzaniaandUganda.

title:	Learn Dutch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learndutch.org%2F
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Onlinelanguagecoursecoveringvocabulary,grammar,andpronunciation.

title:	Learn to Speak Swahili 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwonders%2FEpisodes%2FEpi2%2F2_cult1a.htm
desc:	[Kids/Teens]
TranslatescommonwordsandphrasesfromEnglishtoSwahili.PronunciationcanbeheardwiththeuseofRealPlayer.

title:	LingoZone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lingozone.com%2F
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Placetolearnlanguagesandmeetpeoplefromallovertheworld.UsesMyVocabulary,atoolthatcreateswordlistsandmanagesthem.

title:	The Lithuanians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelithuanians.com%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens]
Learnthealphabetandsomewords,alongwithsoundfiles.Also,hasstorieswithvoicenarration.Includeslinkstoradio,musicandgenealogylinks.

title:	Little Explorers: Portuguese Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.littleexplorers.com%2FPortuguese%2F
desc:	[Kids]
TranslationsfromEnglishtoPortuguesewithapicturedictionary.

title:	Say Hello to the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipl.org%2Fdiv%2Fhello%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens]
Learntosay"hello"inover30differentlanguages,plusfindlinkstoresourcesaboutthelanguages,thecultures,andlanguagelearningontheWeb.FromtheInternetPublicLibrary.

title:	Some Notes on the Turkish Language and Alphabet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FForeign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.turizm.net%2Fturkey%2Finfo%2Flesson.html
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Anintroductiontothepronunciationofusefulwordsandexpressions.

title:	Bilingual Families 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education%2FBilingualism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nethelp.no%2Fcindy%2Fbiling-fam.html
desc:	Intendedprimarilyasaplaceforbilingualparentstofindinformationandresourcestohelpthemraisetheirchildrenbilingually.

title:	Bilingual Pages - a Resource for Bilingual Families 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education%2FBilingualism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fut%2Fhenrikholm%2Fbilingual%2Fbilingual01.html
desc:	Resourceforparentsandothersinterestedinraisingchildrenwithmorethanonelanguage.

title:	All Free Dictionaries project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FK%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dicts.info%2Fdi1.php%3Fk1%3D1%26k2%3D214%26s%3D3
desc:	FreeEnglish-KurdishandKurdish-Englishon-linedictionaries

title:	Dictionary kurdi - eng 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FK%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kurd-eng.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	AscientificdictionaryinweblogformforKurdish(Sorani)-English.Newwordsareaddedonregularbasis.

title:	Ferheng : Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FK%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rojname.com%2Fferheng%2Fsearch.html
desc:	Kurdish-EnglishandEnglish-Kurdishonlinedictionary.

title:	Ferheng.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FK%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.ferheng.org%2F
desc:	OnlineKurdish-EnglishandEnglish-Kurdishdictionary,informationaboutotherdictionaries.

title:	Freelang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FK%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freelang.net%2Fdictionary%2Fkurdish.php
desc:	FreedownloadableKurdish-EnglishandEnglish-KurdishdictionaryforWindows.

title:	IT Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FK%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zkurd.org%2Fproje%2Fferhengdev.pl
desc:	GlossaryofITtermsinSoraniandKurmanji.

title:	Wordgumbo: Kurdish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FK%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwordgumbo.com%2Fkurdish
desc:	WordlistsEnglish-KurdishandKurdish-English.About1000entries.Thesearchfunctionmakesthissiteusableasadictionary.(Kurmanji)

title:	The Dialects of Kurdish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIranian%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkurdish.humanities.manchester.ac.uk%2F
desc:	DedicatedpagesfortheDialectsofKurdishbyUniversityofManchester.

title:	Iraqi Kurds - Language Issues 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIranian%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culturalorientation.net%2Fcontent%2Fdownload%2F2109%2F12162%2Fversion%2F1%2Ffile%2FIraqi%2BKurds%2BCulture%2BProfile.pdf
desc:	Overviewofdialects,alphabets,grammarandliterature.

title:	The Kurdish Academy of Language (KAL) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIranian%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kurdishacademy.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoKurdishlanguageresearch.KALworktoraiseissuesrelatingtoallaspectsoftheKurdishlanguage.

title:	Kurdish Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIranian%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldlanguage.com%2FLanguages%2FKurdish.htm
desc:	Sellsdictionaries,,tutorials,software,wordprocessingtoolsandfontsandwritingsamplewithitstranslation.

title:	The Kurdish Language and Literature 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIranian%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.institutkurde.org%2Fen%2Flanguage%2F
desc:	InformationarticlebyJoyceBlau,analysisandKurdishdictionarieslinks.

title:	The Kurdish Peoples 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIranian%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slrk.info%2Farticles%2Fkurds.html
desc:	ArticlesandanalysisbyDr.OrvilleBoydJenkins,aboutthedialectsoftheKurdishlanguage,withsummarychartandreferencecitations.

title:	Learn Kurdish (Sorani) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIranian%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Flearn101.org%2Fkurdish.php
desc:	Kurdish(Sorani)lessonscontainaudioandareallofferedforfree.

title:	Wikipedia - Kurdish language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIranian%2FKurdish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FKurdish_language
desc:	Presentation,geographicdistribution,classificationandrelatedlanguages,informationaboutdialectsandregionalvariants.

title:	ACT : Information For Parents : Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.act.org%2Fpath%2Fparent%2Fresource%2Findex.html
desc:	Educationalplanningandcareerdevelopmentassistanceforparents.

title:	The Alternative Education Resource Organization 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edrev.org%2F
desc:	Alistingofalternativeschools,includingcharter,independent,Montessori,andother"unusual"schoolingoptions.

title:	Awesome Library - K-12 Education Directory for Parents 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.awesomelibrary.org%2Fparent.html%23home
desc:	TheAwesomeLibraryorganizes10,000carefullyreviewedK-12educationresourcesforparents.Itincludesadirectory,anindex,andasearchengine.

title:	Chart Jungle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chartjungle.com%2F
desc:	Printablecharts,forbaby,preschool,kindergarten,andotherchildren.Chartsincludechores,awards,education,pottytraining,behavior.

title:	Education - K-12 Articles Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidsource.com%2Fkidsource%2Fpages%2Fed.k12.html
desc:	ThenumberoneconcernofmanyparentswhovisitKidSourceOnLineishowtohelptheirchildrendobetterinschool.Thesearticlesdojustthat.Theyarefocusedonspecificsubjects,skillsorlessonsforchildreningradesKthrough12.

title:	Helping Your Child Learn History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidsource.com%2Fkidsource%2Fcontent%2Fhistory.html
desc:	withactivitiesforchildrenaged4through11

title:	KidSource OnLine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidsource.com%2F
desc:	KidSourceOnLine--Thewebsourceforin-depthandtimelyeducationandhealthcareinformationthatwillmakeadifferenceinthelivesofparentsandtheirchildren.

title:	Mrs. Alphabet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrsalphabet.com%2F
desc:	Allyoueverwantedtoknowaboutteachingthealphabet,phonics,reading,writing,spelling,andmathforchildren3-7.Freenewsletter.

title:	Parents as Educators 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fparentsaseducators.yuku.com%2F
desc:	Discussionboard,runbytwoAustralianspecialeducationteachers,establishedtopromotedebateanddiscussionaboutissuesrelatedtochildren'seducation.

title:	Patchogue-Medford Congress of Teachers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpatmedteachers.org%2F
desc:	Thisawardwinningsitepresentedbyalocalteachers'unionoffersadvicetoparents,commentaryoncurrenteducationalissues,andaninteractivesurvey.UpdatedeverymonthexceptAugust.

title:	Planetpals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planetpals.com%2F
desc:	AnEducationalandintercativeresourceontheEarth.Designedespeciallyforkids.

title:	Raven Days 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ravendays.org%2F
desc:	Resourcesfortheparentwhosechildorteenisbeingbulliedatschool.

title:	Succeed to Read 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.succeedtoread.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforparentsandteacherstohelpachildlearntoread,combiningphonic,wholelanguagemethods,games,andanalphabetchart.

title:	Whyzz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting%2FChild_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwhyzz.com%2F
desc:	Helpsparentsanswerkidsquestionsaboutscience,culture,difficulttopics,andcurrenteventsinachildfriendlymanner.

title:	Bilingual Memory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FBilingualism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcrl.ucsd.edu%2Fnewsletter%2F10-3%2F
desc:	Are-revisedversionofthehierarchicalmodelofbilingualmemory

title:	Bilingualism's Brain Benefits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FBilingualism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpost.com%2Fwp-dyn%2Farticles%2FA39338-2004Jun13.html
desc:	Discussesvariousscientificaspectsaboutthebenefitsofbeingbilingual.Issuesdiscussedrangefromfocus,memory,andgeneticpredispositiontolanguages.

title:	Huffington Post: Parents 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huffingtonpost.com%2Fparents%2F
desc:	Offersexpertkidsandfamilyadviceandtips.

title:	The Love and Logic Institute, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loveandlogic.com%2F
desc:	Providestoolsandtechniquesthathelpadultsachieverespectful,healthyrelationshipswiththeirchildren.Articles,videoandaudioclips,seminarinformation,andpressabouttheprogram.

title:	The Trixie Update 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FFamily%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trixieupdate.com%2F
desc:	First-timeparentsexploreanddocumentthecareanddevelopmentofahumanbaby.

title:	Kyrgyz Profile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FTurkic%2FKyrgyz&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lmp.ucla.edu%2FProfile.aspx%3FLangID%3D62%26menu%3D004
desc:	ProfileoftheKyrgyzlanguage,fromtheUniversityofCalifornia'sLanguageMaterialsProject.

title:	Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: BAM! Body and Mind 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdc.gov%2Fbam%2F
desc:	Provideinformation,materialsforstudentsandclassrooms.Hasrelatedinformationaboutbirthdefects,childdevelopment,anddisabilityandhealth.

title:	Council of Educators for Students with Disabilities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.504idea.org%2F
desc:	Section504andspecialeducation(IDEA)resourcesandconferencesforeducatorsofstudentswithdisabilities.

title:	DoDEA Special Education Resource Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.specialed.eu.dodea.edu%2F
desc:	GuidetoonlineresourcesrelatedtotechnologyinSpecialEducation.

title:	A Guide to the Individualized Education Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ed.gov%2Fparents%2Fneeds%2Fspeced%2Fiepguide%2Findex.html
desc:	USGovernmentplantoassisteducators,parents,andstateandlocaleducationalagenciesinimplementingtherequirementsofPartBoftheIndividualswithDisabilitiesEducationAct(IDEA).

title:	ISER - Internet Special Education Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iser.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofprofessionalswhoservethelearningdisabilitiesandspecialeducationcommunities.

title:	SEN Teacher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.senteacher.org%2F
desc:	Resourcesforteachersworkingwithchildrenwithspecialneeds,includingseverelearningdifficultiesandautism.

title:	Special Education News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.specialednews.com%2F
desc:	Newsrelatingtoeducatingstudentswithdisabilities.

title:	Transition Coalition 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transitioncoalition.org%2F
desc:	Resourcesforprovidingtransitionservicestoyoungadultswithdisabilitiesinsecondaryspecialeducation.Featuresincludefreepublications,e.training,andcontactsforparents,serviceproviders,andteachers.

title:	Yahoo! Groups: IEP and Special Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSpecial_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FIEP_guide%2F
desc:	Mailinglistfordisabilitiesgrouptosupportoneanotherwithinformation.

title:	Dansk som andetsprog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDansk%2FVidenskab%2FHumaniora%2FSprog_og_lingvistik%2FTosprogethed&url=http%3A%2F%2Finet.dpb.dpu.dk%2Finfodok%2Fsprogforum%2Fspr_nr9.html
desc:	TemafratidsskriftetSprogforum.

title:	Det Mangesprogede Danmark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDansk%2FVidenskab%2FHumaniora%2FSprog_og_lingvistik%2FTosprogethed&url=http%3A%2F%2Finet.dpb.dpu.dk%2Finfodok%2Fsprogforum%2Fspr_nr19.html
desc:	TemafratidsskriftetSprogforum.

title:	Ancient Turk Rock Inscriptions in the Talass Ala-Too 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FTurkic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transoxiana.com.ar%2FEran%2FArticles%2Fkljashtorny.html
desc:	BriefarticlebyS.G.Klyashtornyin"WebfestschriftMarshak",describinganOldTurkicinscriptioncontainingaSogdianword.

title:	Altaic Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FAltaic_languages
desc:	Wikipediaarticle.

title:	Ural-Altaic Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7EYukon_2%2Flanguage2.html
desc:	PaperbyRobertAusterlitzdescribingsomeofthesharedcharacteristicsoftheselanguagesincludingsyntax,morphology,andphonology.

title:	The Tungusic Research Group at Dartmouth College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FManchu-Tungusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dartmouth.edu%2F%7Etrg%2F
desc:	PresentationoftheTungusiclanguagesofnorthernChinaandSiberia,includingasearchablemorphemedatabase.

title:	Minority Languages of Russia on the Net - Manchu-Tungus Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FManchu-Tungusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peoples.org.ru%2Feng_tungus.html
desc:	BriefinformationontheManchu-TunguslanguagesspokeninRussia.

title:	Tungusic Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FManchu-Tungusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FTungusic_languages
desc:	Wikipediaarticle.

title:	Aekirushi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAinu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interq.or.jp%2Fsnake%2Fapple%2Fmokuji-r2.html
desc:	AinufolkloreinAinu.

title:	The Ainu Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAinu&url=http%3A%2F%2Flinguistics.byu.edu%2Fclasses%2Fling450ch%2Freports%2Fainu.htm
desc:	Surveyofthelanguage,withextensivediscussionofitspotentiallinguisticrelationshipsandtheoriginoftheAinupeople.

title:	The Ainu Language and Japan's Ancient History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAinu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dai3gen.net%2Fepage0.htm
desc:	CollectionofpapersconcerningthehistoryandpossiblegeneticrelationshipsoftheAinulanguage.Thereisalsoacollectionofe-mailcorrespondenceconcerningthetopic.

title:	John Batchelor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAinu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2s.biglobe.ne.jp%2F%7Ematu-emk%2Fbachel.html
desc:	LifestoryofJohnBatchelor(1854-1944),theEnglishmanwhobecamethefirstwesternertolearntheAinulanguage,writeitsgrammarinEnglish,andmaketheAinuknowninthewesternworld.

title:	Literatures and Materials on the Ainu Language for Learners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAinu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjinbunweb.sgu.ac.jp%2F%7Eainu%2Fbiblio%2Feuropean.html
desc:	Extensivebibliographyofprintedandaudiovisualmaterials,aswellasacollectionoflinkstowebpagesonthesubject.Bilingualsite(EnglishandJapanese).

title:	All the Japanese Slang You Can Stand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fanime4%2Fjslang%2F
desc:	Dictionaryofslangterms,withanintroductorypageofferinggeneraladviceandbookrecommendationstopeopleinterestedinlearningJapanese.

title:	Japanese wa, mo, ga, wo, na, no 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kortlandt.nl%2Fpublications%2Fart191e.pdf
desc:	Scholarlystudyofthesyntaxofthesixmostcommonpost-nominalparticlesinJapanese,byFrederikKortlandt.

title:	Kanji Names Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.gol.com%2Fusers%2Fbillp%2Fstudents%2Fkanjiname%2F
desc:	DescriptionsofJapanesenamesinEnglishwithkanjiimagefiles,andinformationonkanjibooks.

title:	Learn Japanese 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Flearn-japanese.podomatic.com%2Frss2.xml
desc:	LearntospeakJapanesefromtheseonlinelessons.

title:	Nihongo: Japanese Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trussel.com%2Ff_nih.htm
desc:	Articlesreflectingonmiscellaneousaspectsofthelanguage,thoroughresourcesforJapanesenumbersandcounters,andlengthylistofsummariesofbooksforlearningJapanese.

title:	Origins of the Japanese Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.tmok.com%2F%7Etumble%2Fjpp%2Fjapor.html
desc:	PresentsatheoryontheoriginoftheJapaneselanguage,addressingissuesofwhetheritisanisolateanditsrelationshiptosurroundinglanguages.

title:	Osaka Shoin Women's College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.age.ne.jp%2Fx%2Foswcjlrc%2Findex-e.htm
desc:	TheJapaneseLanguageResearchCenter.

title:	Otake Japanese Calligraphy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww5.big.or.jp%2F%7Eotake%2Fhey%2Ffude00.htm
desc:	Picturesofkanjicharactersandtheirmeaningsinseveralcategories.AlsofeaturesalistofmanycommonEnglishnamestransliteratedintokanacharacters.

title:	Reading Tutor Homepage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Flanguage.tiu.ac.jp%2Findex_e.html
desc:	DesignedtohelpJFL/JSLlearnersimprovetheirreadingskillsinJapanese.Hasbilingualdictionary;vocabularyandkanjilevelcheckers.

title:	Your Name In Japanese 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FJapanese&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yournameinjapanese.com%2F
desc:	TranslatesanynamephoneticallyintoJapanesekanji.

title:	The Dongxiang Mongols and Their Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FMongolic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuserpage.fu-berlin.de%2F%7Ecorff%2Fim%2FSprache%2FDongxiang.html
desc:	ProfileoftheDongxianglanguage,spokenintheprovinceofGansuinnorthwestChina,byOliverCorff,InfosystemMongolei.

title:	Language Profile: Mongolian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FMongolic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lmp.ucla.edu%2FProfile.aspx%3FLangID%3D79%26menu%3D004
desc:	FromtheUCLALanguageMaterialsProject.

title:	Linguamongolia - Classical Mongolian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FMongolic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linguamongolia.co.uk%2F
desc:	ClassicalMongolianscripttutorials,grammarandtranslationstudies.

title:	Mongolian Abbreviations and Acronyms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FMongolic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuserpage.fu-berlin.de%2F%7Ecorff%2Fim%2FSprache%2Facrobase.html
desc:	DatabasebyOliverCorff,InfosystemMongolei.

title:	Mongolian Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FMongolic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FMongolian_language
desc:	Wikipediaarticle.

title:	Mongolic Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FMongolic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FMongolic_languages
desc:	Wikipediaarticle.

title:	WAFL1: First Workshop on Formal Altaic Linguistis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FAltaic%2FConferences&url=http%3A%2F%2Fopenlibrary.org%2Fb%2FOL14547185M%2FProceedings-of-WAFL-1
desc:	WAFL1,MIT,USA.IncludesproceedingsoftheFirstWorkshoponAltaicFormalLinguistics.

title:	Crossroads of Continents 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mnh.si.edu%2Farctic%2Ffeatures%2Fcroads%2F
desc:	OnlineexhibitionaboutSiberian-Alaskancontacts,preparedbythe[US]NationalMuseumofNaturalHistory.

title:	Culture Center of the Northern Asian First Peoples' Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culturecenternorthernasia.org%2FINDEX.htm
desc:	NGOinitiatedbyMichaelGreyWolfanddedicatedtofurtheringtheculturalandecosocialsituationofnorthernAsia'sFirstPeoples.

title:	Journey to Other Worlds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.state.il.us%2Fexhibits%2Fchanging%2Fjourney%2F
desc:	Onlineexhibitiononthelifewaysof14Siberianpeoplesofacenturyago.

title:	Kamchatka - Native Peoples 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkamchatka.org.ru%2Fnpeople.html
desc:	BriefoverviewofKamchatka'snativepeoples.

title:	L'auravetl'an Indigenous Information Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indigenous.ru%2F
desc:	CenterforandbytheindigenouspeoplesoftheRussianFederation,withonlineinformationbulletins(inRussian,EnglishandGerman).

title:	Segmentary Hierarchy of Identity: The Case of Yakuts and Evens in Northern Yakutia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsrc-h.slav.hokudai.ac.jp%2Fsympo%2F97summer%2Fsasaki.html
desc:	ArticlebyShiroSasaki,discussingtheethnicidentityandsocio-culturalunitsoftheYakutandEven.

title:	The World of Michael Grey Wolf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grey-wolf-guruev.com%2F
desc:	GraphicandsculpturalartistengagedwiththeFirstPeoplesofNorthernAsiaandwithnature.

title:	Cascadilla Proceedings Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FConferences&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lingref.com%2F
desc:	Awebmodelcreatedspecificallyforproceedingsoflinguisticsconferencesandworkshops.Proceedingsareavailablebothinprintandontheweb.Webaccessisfreeandunrestricted.

title:	International Conference on Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FConferences&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthelearner.com%2F
desc:	TheInternationalLiteracyandEducationResearchNetworkConference.Includesconferencethemes,speakersandformat,callforpapersandregistrationinformation.

title:	Linguistics Conferences - Acceptance Rates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FConferences&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lingforum.com%2Flinguistics-conferences.html
desc:	Providesalistofgeneralandarea-specificrefereedlinguisticsconferencesandtheiracceptancerates.Areascoveredincludesyntax,phonology,semantics,andfirstandsecondlanguageacquisition.

title:	Republic of Sakha (Yakutia) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian%2FYakut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spri.cam.ac.uk%2Fresources%2Frfn%2Fsakha.html
desc:	ProfileoftheSakha(Yakut)Republic,fromtheScottPolarResearchInstitute,UniversityofCambridge.

title:	The Yukaghirs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian%2FYukaghir&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eki.ee%2Fbooks%2Fredbook%2Fyukaghirs.shtml
desc:	OverviewarticlefromTheRedBookofthePeoplesoftheRussianEmpire.

title:	The Ulchis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian%2FUlcha&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eki.ee%2Fbooks%2Fredbook%2Fulchis.shtml
desc:	OverviewarticlefromTheRedBookofthePeoplesoftheRussianEmpire.

title:	The Udeghes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FEthnicity%2FArctic_and_Siberian%2FUdihe&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eki.ee%2Fbooks%2Fredbook%2Fudeghes.shtml
desc:	OverviewarticlefromTheRedBookofthePeoplesoftheRussianEmpire.

title:	BabelFish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9f%C3%A9rences%2FLangues%2FTraduction%2FOutils&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.babelfish.com%2F
desc:	Traducteurmultilinguedetextesetdepagesweb.

title:	Andrew Lang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FAndrew_Lang
desc:	AbiographyofAndrewLangbasedonthe1911EncyclopaediaBrittanica.

title:	Andrew Lang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slainte.org.uk%2Fcilips%2Fpublications%2Fscotauth%2Flangadsw.htm
desc:	BriefbiographyfromSLAINTE(ScottishLibrariesacrosstheInternet).

title:	The Blue Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldwideschool.org%2Flibrary%2Fbooks%2Fyouth%2Ffantasy%2FTheBlueFairyBook%2Ftoc.html
desc:	InHTML,atWorldWideSchool.Eachchapterinitsownfile,linkedtoprevious,next,oranyotherchapter.Ingraphicalbrowsers,thisistheonlineequivalentofa"largeprint"edition.

title:	The Book of Dreams and Ghosts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgaslight.mtroyal.ca%2Flangmenu.htm%23dreams
desc:	E-textofthe1897edition,fromGaslight.

title:	The Brown Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Febooks.adelaide.edu.au%2Fl%2Flang%2Fandrew%2Fl26brf%2F
desc:	E-textattheUniversityofAdelaideLibraryElectronicTextsCollection.

title:	A Collection of Ballads 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gutenberg.org%2Febooks%2F1054
desc:	E-textoftheProjectGutenberg.

title:	The Crimson Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gutenberg.org%2Febooks%2F2435
desc:	E-textfromtheProjectGutenberg.

title:	Free Library - Andrew Lang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Flang.thefreelibrary.com%2F
desc:	Briefbiographywithtextof"TheArabianNights"and"TheYellowFairyBook."

title:	The Grey Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Febooks.adelaide.edu.au%2Fl%2Flang%2Fandrew%2Fl26gf%2F
desc:	E-textattheUniversityofAdelaideLibraryElectronicTextsCollection.

title:	The Lilac Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gutenberg.org%2Febooks%2F3454
desc:	E-textfromtheProjectGutenberg.

title:	A Monk of Fife: A Romance of The Days of Jeanne D'Arc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maidofheaven.com%2Fjoanofarc_scots_monk1.asp
desc:	AMonkofFife:ARomanceofTheDaysofJeanneD'ArcbyAndrewLangcompletebookonline.

title:	The Orange Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gutenberg.org%2Febooks%2F3027
desc:	E-textfromtheProjectGutenberg.

title:	The Pink Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Febooks.adelaide.edu.au%2Fl%2Flang%2Fandrew%2Fl26pf%2F
desc:	E-textattheUniversityofAdelaideLibraryElectronicTextsCollection.

title:	The Red Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gutenberg.org%2Febooks%2F540
desc:	E-textfromtheProjectGutenberg.

title:	The Violet Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldwideschool.org%2Flibrary%2Fbooks%2Fyouth%2Ffantasy%2FTheVioletFairyBook%2Ftoc.html
desc:	InsearchableHTML,atWorldWideSchool.Eachchapterinitsownfile,linkedtoprevious,next,oranyotherchapter.Ingraphicalbrowsers,thisistheonlineequivalentofa"largeprint"edition.

title:	Yellow Fairy Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales%2FLang%2C_Andrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sacred-texts.com%2Fneu%2Flfb%2Fye%2Findex.htm
desc:	E-textfromtheElectronicTextCenter,UniversityofVirginiaLibrary;includesimages.

title:	Bay Foreign Language Books Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baylanguagebooks.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offeringlearningmaterialsforawiderangeoflanguages.LocatedintheUK.

title:	Chinese Cultural And Children's Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bestchinashop.com%2F
desc:	Chinesecultural,languageandchildren'sbooks,plusmoviesandmusic.Mostproductsarebilingualormultilingual.

title:	European Book Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europeanbook.com%2F
desc:	SelectionofFrenchandGermanlanguagebooks.

title:	European Schoolbooks Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FLanguages&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurobooks.co.uk%2F
desc:	BooksandmediainFrench,Spanish,Italian,German,Portuguese,andDutch.Fortradeandprofessionalcustomers.

title:	Fetch-a-Phrase 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fetchaphrase.com%2F
desc:	Offersatemplatesentencesandcolor-codedwordlistsforMandarin.

title:	Grant and Cutler Booksellers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grantandcutler.com%2F
desc:	Foreignlanguagebooksellerswithresourcesforover200languages.

title:	Gujarati Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gujaratibooks.com%2F
desc:	Manybooksandcdswithonlineshoppingfacility.

title:	Fairy Tales Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffairytalescollection.com%2F
desc:	Largecollectionofonlinetranscriptionsofthemostcommonfairytales.

title:	Beauty and the Beast; or, the Ethics of a Fairy Tale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lynetteabel.org%2FBeauty-and-the-Beast-aesthetics-essay.html
desc:	Excerptfromanaestheticrealismseminar,withadiscussionoftheMadameLeprinceDeBeaumontstory.

title:	The Cinderella Bibliography 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fd.lib.rochester.edu%2Fcinderella
desc:	UniversityofRochester-sponsoredprojecttodocumentvariousversionsoftheCinderellastorythroughouthistory,exploreoriginsofthefairytale,andofferresourcestoeducators.

title:	Fairy Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyweb.dal.ca%2Fbarkerb%2Ffairies%2F
desc:	Webresourcesandbibliographydevotedtofairytalesinthewrittentradition.

title:	The Pied Piper of Hamelin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiana.edu%2F%7Elibrcsd%2Fetext%2Fpiper%2F
desc:	ByRobertBrowning(1888),illustratedbyKateGreenaway;e-textatIndianaUniversityLibraries.

title:	Propp's Structure of the Magic Tale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uky.edu%2F%7Ejrouhie%2Frae370_proppmagic.html
desc:	Outlineoftheclassicalwork"MorphologyoftheFolktale."

title:	A Scholarly Snow White 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scils.rutgers.edu%2Fspecial%2Fkay%2Fsnowwhite.html
desc:	Includesintroduction,interpretations,bibliographies,andcomparisonsofdifferentversions,preparedbyKayE.Vandergrift,RutgersUniversity.

title:	The Sleeping Beauty and other Fairy Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bartleby.com%2F76%2F
desc:	FourfairytalesbyArthurQuiller-Couch(1910);e-textatBartleby.

title:	SurLaLune Fairy Tale Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surlalunefairytales.com%2F
desc:	Aportaltotherealmoffairytaleandfolklorestudiesfeaturingannotatedfairytales,illustrations,andaforum.

title:	Tom Tit Tot  - An Essay on Savage Philosophy in Folk-Tale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sacred-texts.com%2Fneu%2Fcelt%2Fttt%2F
desc:	ByEdwardClodd(1898),atsacred-texts.com

title:	Tonight's Bedtime Story 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tonightsbedtimestory.com%2F
desc:	FairyTalesforSleepyChildren.AlltheClassicFairyTalesavailableonlineorasfreeeBooks.IllustrationsbyArthurRackham,BeatrixPotter,FelixLorioux,GustaveDore,WalterCraneandothers.

title:	Folklore and Mythology Electronic Texts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pitt.edu%2F%7Edash%2Ffolktexts.html
desc:	Vastcollectionoffolktales,myths,legends,andtextspertainingtofolklore,arrangedbytitleandtheme,withafocusonnorthernandwesternEurope.

title:	Celtic Twilight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.celtic-twilight.com%2F
desc:	OnlinetextsofIrishmythsandlegends,thelegendsofCamelotandCharlemagne,andtheAnglo-Saxonchronicles,withlinks.

title:	Fables and Fairy Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales&url=http%3A%2F%2Foutlander430.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Aclassiccollectionoffairytales,fables,andpoemsfrom1909.

title:	Fairy Stories and Fables 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mainlesson.com%2Fdisplay.php%3Fauthor%3Dbaldwin%26book%3Dfables%26story%3D_contents
desc:	ByJamesBaldwin(1841-1925),e-textfromtheBaldwinProject.

title:	Folktales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FTales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoplease.com%2Fce5%2FCE018824.html
desc:	Infoplease.comshortoverview

title:	African American Publications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.africanamericancenter.org%2F
desc:	Afour-volumesettitled"TheCompleteEncyclopediaofAfricanAmericanHistory".

title:	Hippie Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhippiedictionary.com%2F
desc:	Areferencebook,historybook,andsocialstatementaboutthecountercultureofthe1960s.

title:	Newton's Bilingual Dictionary of Land Surveying, Geography, and Geomatics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjnewton.free.fr%2Findex_en.htm
desc:	AnnotatedFrench/Englishlexicon.Includesexcerpts,press,anorderform,andcontactinformation.

title:	Oxford English Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Foed.com%2F
desc:	OxfordUniversityPress'sdictionarydescribedwithorderinginformation.

title:	Quality Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qualitybooks.com%2F
desc:	Sellsavarietyofspecialinteresttitles,mainlyfocusedondo-it-yourselfkitsforeverythingrangingfromgettingadivorcetostartingabusiness.

title:	Whitaker's Almanac 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Feduca0.tripod.com%2Fwhitaker%2F
desc:	AnnualreferencetothegovernmentandsocialstructureoftheUK-andtherestoftheworld.Awiderangeoffact,figuresanddirectoryinformation.

title:	BBK USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FLanguage_Translators&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbkusa.com%2F
desc:	OfferselectronicpockettalkingdictionariesandtranslatorsforChinese,Englishlanguages,aswellasspecialtydictionaries

title:	Denshi Jisho 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FLanguage_Translators&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.denshi-jisho.com%2F
desc:	SellingEnglishJapaneseelectronicdictionaries.Tokyo,Japan.

title:	Ectaco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FLanguage_Translators&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ectaco.com%2F
desc:	Offerselectronicpocketmultilingualtalkingdictionariesandarangeofelectronicdictionaries.

title:	ELingvo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FLanguage_Translators&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elingvo.co.uk%2F
desc:	Sellsarangeofportableelectronictranslatorsanddictionaries.Bilingualaswellasmultilingualversionsareavailable.BasedinUK.

title:	Hebrew World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FLanguage_Translators&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hebrewworld.com%2Fbabylon.html
desc:	SellsdesktopHebrew-EnglishandEnglish-Hebrewtranslatorwithphonetictransliteration.

title:	Nippon Imports 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FLanguage_Translators&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nipponimports.com%2F
desc:	SellingJapanesedictionariesforbothbeginnersandadvancedlearners.BasedinSingaporeandTokyo,

title:	Smart Imports 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FLanguage_Translators&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smartimports.net%2F
desc:	AsmallstorethatspecializinginJapaneseelectronicdictionariesforstudentsandtranslatorssuchastheCanonWordtankseries.

title:	The Translator Store 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FLanguage_Translators&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thetranslatorstore.com%2F
desc:	Offerhandheldelectroniclanguagetranslatorsandtranslationsoftware.

title:	Cinderella and other Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpagebypagebooks.com%2FUnknown%2FCinderella_or_The_Little_Glass_Slipper_and_other_Stories%2F
desc:	FreeHTMLtextof51timelesstales.

title:	The History of Tom Thumb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fliteratureproject.com%2Fhistory-tom-thumb%2Findex.htm
desc:	Completeon-linetextoftheclassicchildren'sstory,aswellascompletetextofTheCatandtheMouseandFire,Fire,BurnStick.Allstoriesalsoavailablefordownload.

title:	The Sleeping Beauty and Other Fairy Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books%2FFairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bartleby.com%2F76%2F
desc:	Onlinepublicationofthe1910editionoftheclassicbyArthurQuiller-Couch.IncludesSleepingBeauty,BlueBeard,Cinderella,andBeautyandtheBeast.

title:	Tim Sheppard's Storytelling Resources for Storytellers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timsheppard.co.uk%2Fstory%2F
desc:	Collectionofarticles,links,andinformationontheoraltraditionandtheartofstorytelling.

title:	Aaron Shepard's Storytelling Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aaronshep.com%2Fstorytelling%2F
desc:	Resourcesforstorytellers,includingarticles,quotes,stories,andguidetotelling.

title:	The Art of Storytelling Show with Brother Wolf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artofstorytellingshow.com%2F
desc:	Aninternationalconversationontheartformofstorytellingwithinterviewsofstorytellersfromeverycountryandperspective.Podcastavailable.

title:	Australian Storytelling 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.australianstorytelling.org.au%2F
desc:	Offersdirectoryoftellersbylocation,newsletter,articlesandinterviews,festivalinformationandlinks.

title:	Breaking the Eggs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstorytelling.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Opinionateddiscussionofperformancestorytellinginthe21stcentury

title:	International Storytelling Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storytellingcenter.net%2F
desc:	Visitorandfestivalinformation,articles,andadvocacy.Jonesborough,Tennessee.

title:	Aesop's Fables 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umass.edu%2Faesop%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Traditionalandmodernversions,illustratedandretoldbyartstudentsattheUniversityofMassachusetts,Amherst.RequiresFlashplug-in.

title:	Animals, Myths and Legends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.ozemail.com.au%2F%7Eoban%2F
desc:	[Kids]
FeaturesObantheKnowledgeKeeper'stalesofAnimals,mythsandlegends.Readstories,solvepuzzles,playgames,andmeetadragon.

title:	Bulfinch's Mythology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sacred-texts.com%2Fcla%2Fbulf%2F
desc:	[MatureTeens]
AccesstoRomanmythologyinformationincludingPandora,Hercules,andOrion.

title:	The Encyclopedia Mythica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pantheon.org%2F
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Anonlineencyclopediaofmythology,folklore,andlegendfromdifferentculturesandreligionsallovertheworld.

title:	Fairy Tales Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fairy-tales-online.bibelland.dk%2F
desc:	[Teens]
Danishchristianfairytaleswithclipartforcoloring.

title:	Folklore and Mythology Electronic Texts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pitt.edu%2F%7Edash%2Ffolktexts.html
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Vastcollectionoffolktales,myths,legends,andtextspertainingtofolklore,arrangedbytitleandtheme,withafocusonnorthernandwesternEurope.

title:	Myth, Fable and Traditional 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.freeuk.com%2Felloughton13%2Findia.htm
desc:	[Kids]
Explainsthedifferencebetweenmyths,fables,andlegends.Alsooffersanassortmentofeach.

title:	National Story Project with Paul Auster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npr.org%2Fprograms%2Fwatc%2Ffeatures%2F1999%2F991002.storyproject.html
desc:	Readorlistentostoriesthatairedfrom1999to2001onNationalPublicRadio's"WeekendAllThingsConsidered".

title:	Song, story and culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbillharley.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	StorytellerBillHarleyblogsaboutthestorytellingprocess,hisstorytellingcareer,andhissourcesofinspiration.

title:	Story Arts Online! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storyarts.org%2F
desc:	HeatherForest'ssiteforteachers,librarians,andstudentsexplorestheuseofstorytellingintheclassroomtoenhancespeaking,listening,readingandwritingskills.

title:	Story Lab X 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstorylabx.tumblr.com%2F
desc:	Acuratedblogfeaturingvideosofstorytellersinperformance,gatheredfromvideo-sharingsitesaroundtheWeb.

title:	Storyfest: Storytelling, Spirituality and Pilgrimage Travel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storyfest.com%2F
desc:	Storytellingseminars,tours(Wales,Ireland,Italy,Spain,Hawaii,Hungary,NewMexico),apprenticeshipinsacredstorytelling.

title:	STORYTELL Discussion List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storynet.org%2Fstorytell.html
desc:	Storytell,sponsoredbytheNationalStorytellingNetwork,isanemaildiscussionlistofmorethan500subscribersworldwidefordiscussionaboutstorytelling.

title:	Storyteller.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storyteller.net%2F
desc:	Articles,listoftellers,writtenandrecordedstories,andeventlistings.

title:	Storytelling -- It's News! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storynet-advocacy.org%2Fnews%2F
desc:	NationalStorytellingNetwork'scompilationofarticlesinthemediaaboutstorytelling.

title:	Storytymes' Aesop's Fables 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childclassics.com%2F
desc:	[Kids]
Aesop'sFablesinmp3formatwithmusicandsoundeffectsthathelpbringthecharacterstolife,downloadthenplaytohearthestory.

title:	World Myths and Legends in Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FMyths_and_Folktales&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchive.artsmia.org%2Fworld-myths%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Learnaboutmythsofdifferentcultures.Lookupbythemeorregionofinfluence.Includesphotographsofartworkthatwereusedtoportraytheseideas.PresentedbytheMinneapolisInstituteofArts.

title:	Storytelling and Videoconferencing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storytellingandvideoconferencing.com%2F
desc:	SelectedwritingsonfolklorefromProfessorEricMiller

title:	Storytelling in Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storynet-advocacy.org%2Fedu%2F
desc:	Areferenceguidetoawidevarietyofeducationalprograms(K-college)thatdemonstratethevalueofusingstorytellingandstorytellingtechniquesacrossthecurriculumintraditionalclassrooms.

title:	Storytelling Notes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstorytellingnotes.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Blogfocusingonthedetailsofthestorytellinglifeofaprofessionalstoryteller,PriscillaHowe

title:	Storytelling Webring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fhub%3Fring%3Dstorytelling
desc:	Hubforlinkstostorytellingevents,resources,andorganizations.

title:	Talk Story Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.talkstoryradio.com%2F
desc:	DozensofhalfhourstorypodcastsfeaturingthetellersandtalesofHawaiiandthePacificRimandtouringstorytellerswhohavecomethroughHawaii.Diversethemes,wellproduced,withextensivecredits:comelendanear!

title:	Time Slips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timeslips.org%2F
desc:	StorytellingprojectwithpeoplewithAlzheimer'sdiseaseandtheircaregivers.

title:	Tonsil: Musings from an Itinerant Story Listener 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftonsil.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Weblogonstorytellingissues.

title:	Voice--A Storyteller's Lifestyle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstorytellingadventures.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	BlogbyprofessionalstorytellerRachelHedmanonthemarketing,business,research,andrehearsalthatgoesintostorytelling.

title:	Young Storyteller of the Year 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FStorytelling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tradartsteam.co.uk%2Fysoy.html
desc:	YoungStorytelleroftheYearisanannualUKeventseekingthenewgenerationofstorytellersandbackedupbytrainingprojectsinschools

title:	Absolutely Whootie: Stories to Grow By 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.storiestogrowby.org%2F
desc:	[Kids]
Fairytales,folktalesandothergreatchildren'sstories,courtesyofWhootieOwl.

title:	Act!vated Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Factivated.libsyn.com%2F
desc:	[Kids]
ListentofolktalesreadbyprofessionalstorytellersonacomputeroriPodforfree.Presentsahilariousnewstoryeveryweek.

title:	Andersen Fairy Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andersenfairytales.com%2Fen%2Fmain
desc:	[Kids]
Web-publishedchildren'sbookswithFlashanimationandnarration.Containscartoons,e-learning,andbiographyofHansChristianAndersen.

title:	Animated Classic Fairy Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classicfairytales.com%2F
desc:	[Kids]
Fullyanimatedfairytalesaswellasotheronlinestoriesforkids.

title:	Bedtime Story 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthe-office.com%2Fbedtime-story%2F
desc:	[Kids]
Thecriteriaforatale'sinclusionontheBedtime-Storysite,isthatthestorymustbeaspleasantforanadulttoread,asitisforachildtohear.Recommendedagegroupis6andup.

title:	Children's Books Online: The Rosetta Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensbooksonline.org%2F
desc:	[Kids]
Offersdozensofillustratedchildren'sclassicsin.HTMLformat.Booksmaybereadonlineordownloadedforofflineviewing.Sometitlesavailableinmultiplelanguages.

title:	The Children's Nursery and Its Traditions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensnursery.org.uk%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Featuresacollectionofclassicillustratedchildren'sbooks,fromMotherGooseandBeatrixPotter,toselectionsforolderreaders.

title:	Editec Children's Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Feditec.net%2F
desc:	[Kids]
Illustrated,onlinechildren'sbooksincludingalargeselectionofclassicstories,rhymes,andfables.

title:	Fablevision Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fablevision.com%2Fplace%2Findex.html
desc:	[Kids]
VisittheFableLibraryforonlinestoriesandtuneintoFableRadiotohearstoriesonline.

title:	Faithful John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.faithfuljohn.com%2F
desc:	[Kids]
Animatedstoryofadventure,magicspells,andfaith,basedonthechildren'sliteratureclassicbytheBrothersGrimm.

title:	Grimms' Fairy Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalgeographic.com%2Fgrimm%2F
desc:	[Teens]
TextsofmanyofGrimms'originalfairytales.Includesaudioofsomeofthestories.

title:	MacScouter - Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FArts%2FOnline_Stories%2FFolk_and_Fairy_Tales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macscouter.com%2FStories%2FRC_Stories_Indian.asp
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
FeaturesNativeAmericanlegends.

title:	ABC-CLIO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abc-clio.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofreferencebooks,CD-ROMproducts,andresearchpublications.

title:	Bernan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bernan.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofstatisticalandgovernmentreferences.DistributesinformationpublishedbytheU.S.governmentandinternationalagencies.

title:	Cengage Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cengage.com%2F
desc:	Referenceproductsforlibraries,schoolsandbusinesses.

title:	EBSCO Information Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebsco.com%2F
desc:	Offersdatabases,electronicjournals,books,andsubscriptionservices.

title:	ETS Publishing House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ets.ru%2F
desc:	PublishesRussian-Englishdictionaries.

title:	Europa Publications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europapublications.com%2F
desc:	Publishesaseriesofregularlyrevisedreferencebooksthatcoverinternationalaffairs,politics,andeconomics.

title:	Facts On File, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.factsonfile.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofprintandelectronicreferenceproductsfortheschoolandlibrarymarket.

title:	H.W. Wilson Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hwwilson.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofweb,CD-ROM,andprintreferencesforlibrariansandresearchers.

title:	Helicon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helicon.co.uk%2F
desc:	PublisheroftheHutchinsonEncyclopedias.

title:	Kinship 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kinshipny.com%2F
desc:	PublishesbooksandCD-ROMs,includingmanyNewYorkStatesourcerecordsforgenealogists.Alsoincludesresearchsuggestions.

title:	Librairie du Liban Publishers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ldlp.com%2F
desc:	Offersmonolingual,bilingual,andmultilingualdictionaries,encylopedias,andbooks.

title:	Marquis Who's Who 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marquiswhoswho.com%2F
desc:	Publishesbiographyreferencesourcescoveringnotablepeoplethroughouttheworld.

title:	Marshall Cavendish Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marshallcavendish.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofillustratedreferenceandchildren'sbooks.

title:	McFarland & Company, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcfarlandpub.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofscholarlyandreferencebooks.

title:	Merriam-Webster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.merriam-webster.com%2F
desc:	PublisherofAmericanEnglishdictionariesandreferencesources.

title:	R.R. Bowker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bowker.com%2F
desc:	PublishesreferenceproductssuchasPublishersTradeListAnnual,BooksinPrint,andUlrich'sInternationalPeriodicalsDirectory.ServesasofficialUSISBNagency.

title:	The Visiting Fireman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visitingfireman.com%2F
desc:	Annualpublicationandreferencebookforfirebuffing,andfireserviceenthusiasts.

title:	La blindulo Baba Abdala 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FKulturo%2FLiteraturo%2FFabeloj&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcindymckee.com%2Flibrejo%2FBlindulo_baba_abdala.pdf
desc:	Fabeloellakolekto"1001noktoj".TradukisGeorgeCox.

title:	AnyCount 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anycount.com%2F
desc:	Timelimitedsharewaretoolthatproduceswordcounts,charactercounts,linecounts,andpagecountsforallcommonfileformats.

title:	Free Translations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.free-translations.ca%2F
desc:	Freeonlinetranslationsbybringingtheinputedwordstopopularcomputertranslationsites.

title:	GE Trans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theabsolute.net%2Fsware%2Fgetrans.html
desc:	ProgramfortranslatingGermantextsintoEnglish,alsousefulfortranslatingindividualEnglishwordsintoGerman.Translationdatabaseexceeds225,000words,withmanyscientificandtechnicalterms.

title:	GITS Word Macros 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fginstrom.com%2Fsoftware%2Fwordmacros%2F
desc:	Macrosforperformingwordcounts,conversionofdouble-bytetosingle-bytecharacters,scanningdocumentforJapanesetext,andpage-numberinsertion.Freedownload.

title:	Hermetic Word Frequency Counter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hermetic.ch%2Fwfc%2Fwfc.htm
desc:	Softwarethatextractsandcountsuniquewordsintextfiles.MSWindows.

title:	Language Source 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.languagesource.com%2F
desc:	LanguagetranslationsoftwareforMSWindows,aswellasnon-Englishlanguagekeyboardsandotherinternationalisedsoftwareofwell-knownbrands.

title:	linguatec 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linguatec.de%2F
desc:	TranslationsoftwareforbetweenEnglishandGerman.

title:	MultiTranse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tialsoft.com%2Fmultitranse%2F
desc:	Aprogramthatusespublicdomainresourcestotranslatewords,phrases,sentencesandshorttextsintwelvelanguages.Shareware.

title:	Pars Translator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mabnasoft.com%2F
desc:	EnglishtoPersiantranslationsoftwareforWindows.

title:	Polyglot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pgsi.com%2F
desc:	ProvideshealthcareinterpretationtechnologytoimprovecommunicationswithlimitedEnglish-proficient(LEP)patients.

title:	Quick Count 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verbumsoft.com%2Fproducts.aspx
desc:	Countingsoftwarefortranslatorsandwriters.

title:	Resource Solutions ResMan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.resource-solutions.de%2F
desc:	ToolforautomatedtranslationofMicrosoftResourcescriptsinGermanandEnglishversions.

title:	Softissimo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softissimo.com%2F
desc:	InformationonthemakerofReverso,machinetranslationsoftwaresupportingEnglish,French,German,SpanishandRussiantranslation.

title:	Total Assistant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surefiresoftware.com%2Ftotalassistant%2F
desc:	WordandcharactercountingforformatsincludingMSWord,HTML,AcrobatPDF,MSPowerPointandMSExcel.

title:	Traduki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftraduki.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Opensourcemachinetranslationprogram,developedwiththePythonlanguage,coveringcommonlanguagesandeventuallymanylesssupportedlanguages.

title:	Translatica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoleng.pl%2F
desc:	MachinetranslationsoftwareforEnglish-PolishandEnglish-Russian.30daytrialdownload.

title:	Translation Experts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tranexp.de%2F
desc:	Companyofferingproductsandservicesincludingnaturallanguagetranslationsoftwareanddictionaries.

title:	Translation Software FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.translation.net%2Ftnet_faq.html
desc:	Answerstocommonlyaskedquestionsregardingtranslationsoftware.

title:	Translution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.translution.com%2F
desc:	Automaticallytranslatee-mails,documentsandwebpagesinEnglish,German,SpanishandFrench.SharewareandlimitedfreeversionworksinMSOutlookonly.

title:	TransWhiz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transwhiz.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareforperformingtranslationsofwebsitesorstraighttextbetweenChineseandEnglish.

title:	Word Magic Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wordmagicsoft.com%2F
desc:	EnglishandSpanishtranslationsoftwareandlanguagetoolswithdictionary,thesaurus,spellchecker,verbconjugatorandfulldocumenttexttranslator.

title:	writeKa Language Tools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FTranslation%2FTools%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writeka.com%2F
desc:	TransliterationandtranslationtoolsforIndianlanguages.Includesfreeon-lineEnglish-to-MalayalamandEnglish-to-HinditransliteratorsingraphicsandUnicode.

title:	Action and Adventure Stories for Children 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westerntour.com%2FDrum%2Fstory
desc:	Onlineillustratedchildren'sstories.

title:	The Adventures of Pinocchio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pagebypagebooks.com%2FC_Collodi%2FThe_Adventures_of_Pinocchio%2F
desc:	E-textofthestorybyC.Collodi.

title:	Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pagebypagebooks.com%2FUnknown%2FAladdin_and_the_Wonderful_Lamp%2FAladdin_and_the_Wonderful_Lamp_p1.html
desc:	FreeHTMLETextoftheclassicstory.

title:	American Sunday School Books Digitization Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdigital.lib.msu.edu%2Fprojects%2Fssb%2F
desc:	MichiganStateUniversityLibrariesDigitalSourcesCenterandtheCentralMichiganUniversityLibrariesproposaltodigitize121AmericanSundaySchoolbooks.

title:	Children's Books Online: the Rosetta Project, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensbooksonline.org%2F
desc:	Children'sBooksOnline:theRosettaProjectisthelargestcollectionofillustratedantiquechildren'sbookson-line.

title:	ICDL - International Children's Digital Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchildrenslibrary.org%2F
desc:	Anonlinecollectionrepresentingoutstandinghistoricalandcontemporarychildren'sbooksfromaroundtheworld.

title:	Just So Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boop.org%2Fjan%2Fjustso%2F
desc:	Illustratede-textofJustSoStories,writtenbyRudyardKiplingandpublishedin1902.

title:	The Secret Garden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pagebypagebooks.com%2FFrances_Hodgson_Burnett%2FThe_Secret_Garden%2F
desc:	CompletetextofBurnett'sworkonline.

title:	Treasure Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukoln.ac.uk%2Fservices%2Ftreasure%2F
desc:	Completetextonlineplusloadsofinformationabouttheauthor,characters,andpirates.

title:	The Velveteen Rabbit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FChildren%27s%2FOnline_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdigital.library.upenn.edu%2Fwomen%2Fwilliams%2Frabbit%2Frabbit.html
desc:	FulltextofthebookbyMargeryWilliamswithillustrationsbyWilliamNicholson.Originallypublishedin1922.

title:	Animated Princess and the Pea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FClassics%2FAndersen%2C_Hans_Christian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.realprincess.com%2F
desc:	[Kids]
Listenandreadalongwiththisclassictale.SiterequiresFlashplug-in.

title:	ClassicReader.com:  Hans Christian Andersen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FClassics%2FAndersen%2C_Hans_Christian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classicreader.com%2Fbook%2F109%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Full-length,onlineeditionofHansChristianAndersen'sFairyTales.Includesmorethanadozentales.

title:	Fairy Tales of Hans Christian Andersen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=school_time&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FSchool_Time%2FEnglish%2FLiterature%2FClassics%2FAndersen%2C_Hans_Christian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aesopfables.com%2Faesophca.html
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Textof127fairytales.

title:	Hill Donnelly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference%2FPhone_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hilldonn.com%2F
desc:	PublisherofcrossreferencedirectoriesandCD-ROMS.

title:	University Directories Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference%2FPhone_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.universitydirectories.com%2F
desc:	USpublisherofcampustelephonedirectories.

title:	Valley Yellow Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks%2FReference%2FPhone_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myyp.com%2F
desc:	IndependenttelephonedirectorypublisherinCalifornia.

title:	African American Images 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.africanamericanimages.com%2F
desc:	PublisheranddistributorofAfricentricbooksthatpromoteself-esteem,collectivevalues,liberation,andskilldevelopment.

title:	ArcheBooks Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archebooks.com%2F
desc:	Anindependentcommercialtradepublisheroforiginalhardcoverfiction,historicalandself-helpnon-fictionworks.

title:	Black Butterfly Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maxinethompson.com%2F
desc:	Poetry,gospelcomedyandbiographiespublisher.

title:	Branded Black Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brandedblackpublishing.com%2F
desc:	IndependentpublisherofAfrican-Americanbookswithaspecializationintheblackwest.

title:	Brandylane Publishers Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brandylanepublishers.com%2F
desc:	Publishesarangeofcategoriesfromfictiontotravelwritings.Sitealsoofferspublishingservices.

title:	CPress Publishing House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cp-v.de%2F
desc:	Publishersofjournals,booksandsoftwareongeology,palaeontologyandbiology.

title:	Craft Moods 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.craftmoods.com.au%2F
desc:	PublishersofAustraliancraftpatterns,craftbooksandParagoncrochetandknittingbooks.

title:	DCW Industries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dcwindustries.com%2F
desc:	Specialtypublisherfocusingonpoliticalandeducationalbooks.

title:	Dilly Green Bean Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdillygreenbeangames.com%2FHomePage.html
desc:	SmallpublishersofRPG's,graphicnovels,fiction,andnonfiction.News,companyinformation,publicationsandlinks.

title:	Dot Gibson Publications, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dotgibson.com%2F
desc:	Distributorofcookbooks,children'sandgiftbooks.

title:	Garrett County Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gcpress.com%2F
desc:	Publishersofcreativenonfiction.

title:	Guilford Publications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guilford.com%2F
desc:	Publishesinpsychologyandpsychiatry,socialwork,education,communications,geography,andsocialtheory.

title:	Hancock House Publishers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hancockhouse.com%2F
desc:	Publisherfocusingonregionaltitles,emphasizingwesternhistory,nativeculture,nature,andwildlifebooks.Includesonlineorderingandcompanynews.

title:	IGI Global Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.igi-global.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofbooks,journalsandcasesrelatingtoinformationtechnologymanagement,educationandscience.

title:	Incline Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inclinepress.com%2F
desc:	Hand-madebooksforthereaderwhocollectsandthecollectorwhoreads.

title:	Inner Ocean Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.innerocean.com%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksaboutself-help,personalgrowth,newscience,consciousbusiness,andinspirationalnon-fiction.

title:	JIST Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jist.com%2F
desc:	Producestitlesoncareerexplorationandawareness,jobsearch,resumes,jobretentionandsuccessforworkforcetrainingprograms.

title:	Lantern Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lanternbooks.com%2F
desc:	PublishersofbooksandeBooksonvegetarianism,spirituality,naturalhealing,andnonviolence.

title:	Magabala Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magabala.com%2F
desc:	PublisherofAustralianindigenousbooks,byAboriginalandTorresStraitIslandauthors.

title:	McGraw-Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcgraw-hill.com%2F
desc:	Globalpublishing,financial,informationandmediaservices.Includesdetailsofmarkets,careersandinvestorservices.

title:	Media Enterprises Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbahamasmedia.com%2F
desc:	Adiversifiedcommunicationsagencywhoseactivitiesincludebookandperiodicalpublishinganddistribution,aswellasconsumeradvertisingproductionandplacementforawidevarietyofonshoreclients.

title:	New Horizon Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newhorizonpressbooks.com%2F
desc:	Nonfictionpublisheroftruestories,currentissues,andself-helpbooks.Alsopublisheschildren'sself-helpbooks.

title:	Next Decade, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nextdecade.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofimmigration,citizenship,andinvestingbooks.

title:	Pen Print Incorporated 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpenprintinc.com%2F
desc:	PrintersandpublishersofearlychildhoodandNorthwesttitles.

title:	Pere Bruin Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.perebruin.com%2F
desc:	Publishersofself-helplegaltitles.

title:	Pocket Essentials 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pocketessentials.com%2F
desc:	Almosteverythingyouwanttoknowaboutfilmdirectors,starsandgenres-availableonlineorasinexpensivelittlebooks.

title:	Pomegranate Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpomegranate.stores.yahoo.net%2F
desc:	Publishesbooks,calendars,posters,cards,KnowledgeCards(TM),andmousepadsonavarietyoftopics.

title:	Running Press Book Publishers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.runningpress.com%2F
desc:	Publishesbooks,giftsandkitsforchildrenandadultsonwine,spirits,beer,love,friendship,women,sisters,motherhood,parenting,twins,cigars,cooking,andMiniatureEditions

title:	Saber Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saberpress.com%2F
desc:	Specialtypublisherofinformationalflipguidebooklets.

title:	Scott Publications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscottpublications.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofceramics,dolls,polymerclay,rubberstamping,andminiaturecollectinghobbybooks.

title:	Silvio Mattacchione and Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.silvio-co.com%2Fpublish%2F
desc:	Publisherofbooksaboutpetbirds,aviculture,andpets,artbookpublishing,andotherspecialtypublishingservices.

title:	Thames & Hudson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thamesandhudson.com%2F
desc:	PublisherofillustratedbooksandCD-ROMsonthevisualarts,arthistory,fashion,travel,historyandarcheology.

title:	Towers Maguire Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.towersmaguire.com%2F
desc:	Aneclecticmixoftitles,manywithafocusonlocalhistoryofvariousareas.Sitehasdetailsofeachbookandinformationforprospectiveauthors.

title:	VanderWyk and Burnham 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vandb.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofmotivationalbooks,includingbooks"aboutadmirablepeopleandprograms,andself-helpbooksforpeoplefiftyandup".

title:	Vehicule Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vehiculepress.com%2F
desc:	Montreal-basedpublisherssince1973.

title:	Via Dolorosa Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Foh2%2Fdolorosa%2F
desc:	Asmallpress"specializinginexistentialism,humanism,andemotionalintrospection."

title:	X-Ray Book Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xraybookco.com%2F
desc:	PublisheroffinelimitededitionsincludingX-Raymagazineandvariousbroadsides,chapbooksandephemera.

title:	Penguin Random House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FBooks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.penguinrandomhouse.com%2F
desc:	Offersdigitalandprintbooks.Containshistoryandbooklist.

title:	AbcTajpu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FKomputado%2FProgramoj%2FLingvaj&url=http%3A%2F%2Flingvo.org%2Fabctajpu%2F
desc:	Helpiloportajpisupersignitajnliterojnktp.enFirefox.

title:	Borrias, Eric 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FPodiumkunsten%2FVerhalenvertellen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verhalenverteller.nl%2F
desc:	Verhalenverteller,aangeslotenbijHetVerteltheaterinUtrecht.Verhalen,kindervoorstellingenenpraktischeinformatie.

title:	Marjo Dames Sterk Verhaal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FPodiumkunsten%2FVerhalenvertellen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sterk-verhaal.nl%2F
desc:	VerhalenvertelsterenactriceMarjoDamesenbrengtmet"SterkVerhaal"diverseverhalenopeentheatralewijze.

title:	Kio estas Unikodo? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FKomputado%2FSignokodoj&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unicode.org%2Funicode%2Fstandard%2Ftranslations%2Fesperanto.html
desc:	Informojenlattt-ejodelaUnikodaKonsorcio.

title:	Computational Linguistics FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Faclweb.org%2Faclwiki%2Findex.php%3Ftitle%3DFrequently_asked_questions_about_Computational_Linguistics
desc:	FrequentlyaskedquestionsaboutComputationalLinguistics,intendedforpeoplenotfamiliarwiththisfield.OriginallycompiledbyMartinVolk,nowpartoftheACLWiki.

title:	Statistical NLP and Corpus-Based Computational Linguistics Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-nlp.stanford.edu%2Flinks%2Fstatnlp.html
desc:	ChrisManning'sannotatedlistofresourcesinthefieldofstatisticalnaturallanguageprocessingandthecloselyrelatedcorpus-basedcomputationallinguistics.Corpora,treebanks,models,tools/systems,literature,coursesandotherresources.

title:	The Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aclweb.org%2F
desc:	Internationalprofessionalsocietydedicatedtoresearchthroughoutthefieldofnaturallanguageprocessingandcomputationallinguistics.

title:	The Computation and Language E-Print Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fxxx.lanl.gov%2Flist%2Fcs.CL%2Frecent
desc:	Afullyautomatedarchiveofpapersincomputationallinguistics,naturallanguageprocessing,speechprocessingetc.LaTeXsourcesoftenavailable.

title:	Computational Morphology and Phonology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sil.org%2Fcomputing%2Fcomp-morph-phon.html
desc:	Alistofonlineresourcesrelatedtocomputationalmorphologyandphonology.

title:	EuroWordNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.illc.uva.nl%2FEuroWordNet%2F
desc:	AprojecttocompilecompatiblewordnetsforsevenEuropeanlanguages.Documentation,projectreports,anddownloadabledatabasesamples.

title:	Global Wordnet Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalwordnet.org%2F
desc:	Asocietydedicatedtothecollectionandstandardizationofwordnets,corpora,andotherbasiclanguageprocessingtools.Listofcurrentandpendingwordnets.

title:	ILK: Induction of Linguistic Knowledge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Filk.uvt.nl%2F
desc:	AresearchprogramatTilburgUniversityintheNetherlands,aimedatusinginductivelearningtechnologytoadvancebothlanguageengineeringandtheunderstandingoflinguisticknowledge.Publications,downloadablesoftware,andtextanalysisdemos.

title:	International Committee on Computational Linguistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnlp.shef.ac.uk%2Ficcl%2F
desc:	OrganizestheworldwideCOLINGconference.InformationonthenatureofCOLING,pastCOLINGproceedings,andhostingfutureCOLINGs.

title:	Introduction to Language Technology Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coli.uni-saarland.de%2F%7Ehansu%2Fcl.html
desc:	Introductoryinformationandadirectoryofresourcesintheoreticalandappliedcomputationallinguistics.

title:	Jurafsky, Daniel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stanford.edu%2F%7Ejurafsky%2F
desc:	StanfordUniversityprofessorwhoseresearchincludesmachinelearning,parsingandcomputationalpsycholinguistics.Currentresearch,syllabi,andarchiveofpublicationsavailable.

title:	Learning Computational Grammars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnts.ua.ac.be%2Flcg%2F
desc:	AEuropeanresearchprojectwhichranfrom1998to2001,exploringthepossibilityofexpandingcomputationalgrammarsthroughmachinelearning.Publications,demos,projectinformation.

title:	Morphological Parsing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sil.org%2Fpckimmo%2F
desc:	DownloadsanddocumentationforthePC-KIMMOmorphologicalparser,aswellasbackgroundinformationandresearchincomputationalmorphology.

title:	SEMITIC: ACL Special Interest Group on Computational Approaches to Semitic Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcl.haifa.ac.il%2Fsemitic%2F
desc:	AsubgroupoftheAssociationforComputationalLinguistics(ACL)whichpromotesinterestinComputationalLinguisticsandNaturalLanguageProcessingapproachestoSemiticLanguages.

title:	SIGGEN: ACL Special Interest Group on Natural Language Generation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siggen.org%2F
desc:	AsubgroupoftheAssociationforComputationalLinguistics(ACL)whichaimstoprovideaforumforthediscussion,disseminationandarchivingofresearchtopicsandresultsinthefieldoftextgeneration.

title:	SIGHAN: ACL Special Interest Group on Chinese Language Processing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsighan.cs.uchicago.edu%2F
desc:	AsubgroupoftheAssociationofComputationalLinguistics(ACL)whichseekstopromoteinterestinallaspectsofChineseLanguageProcessing(CLP),e.g.morphologicalanalysisandwordsegmentation,parsing,lexiconsandsemanticandpragmaticanalysis,machinetranslation,andinformationretrievalandextraction.

title:	SIGMOL: ACL Special Interest Group for Mathematics of Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmolweb.org%2F
desc:	AsubgroupoftheAssociationofComputationalLinguistics(ACL)whichconcentratesontheformalsideofcomputationallinguisticsbasedonlogic,continuousanddiscretemaths,andalsostatistics.Itsbiannualmeetings(calledMOL)usuallyfocusonformalgrammar,formalpropertiesoflanguages,andmodel-theoreticandproof-theoreticmethodsinlinguistics.

title:	SIGMORPHON: ACL Special Interest Group in Computational Morphology and Phonology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsalad.cs.swarthmore.edu%2Fsigphon%2F
desc:	AsubgroupoftheAssociationforComputationalLinguisticswhichsupportscomputer-basedresearchinphonologyandmorphology.FormerlySIGPHON.

title:	SIGSEM: ACL Special Interest Group on Computational Semantics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sigsem.org%2F
desc:	AsubgroupoftheAssociationforComputationalLinguistics(ACL),dedicatedtopromotingresearchinallaspectsofcomputationalsemantics.SupportstheorganizationoftheIWCSandICoSworkshops/conferences.

title:	Speech Prosody at Bell Labs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkochanski.org%2Fgpk%2Fprosodies.org%2F
desc:	Currentresearchonnon-lexicalaspectsofspeechandparalinguisticcommunication.Generalinformation,downloadablepapers,andmultilingualtext-to-speechdemo.

title:	What is Computational Linguistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coli.uni-saarland.de%2F%7Ehansu%2Fwhat_is_cl.html
desc:	Aconciseintroductiontothefield,byHansUszkoreit.

title:	WordNet Search - 3.0 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwordnetweb.princeton.edu%2Fperl%2Fwebwn
desc:	Likeasuper-thesaurus,searchresultsdisplaysemanticaswellaslexicalresultsincludingsynonyms,hierarchicalsubordination,antonyms,holonyms,andentailment.Withglossary.

title:	The Xtag Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FComputational_Linguistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cis.upenn.edu%2F%7Extag%2F
desc:	Aimstodevelopawide-coveragegrammaroftheEnglishlanguage,usingalexicalizedtreeadjoininggrammarformalism.ThecurrentversionofXtag,aswellasgeneralresourcesfortreeadjoininggrammars.

title:	Derlerki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FT%C3%BCrk%C3%A7e%2FK%C3%BClt%C3%BCr_ve_Sanat%2FEdebiyat%2FMitler_ve_Halk_Hikayeleri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fderlerki.com%2F
desc:	Efsane,mitolojivehalkhikayeleriniderleyensite.

title:	Consumer Electronics Association (CEA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ce.org%2F
desc:	Consumerelectronicsindustrynews,trends,marketforecastsandemergingtechnologies.

title:	GMDC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gmdc.org%2F
desc:	Internationaltradeassociationservingthegeneralmerchandise,healthandbeautycareandpharmacyindustries.

title:	International Conference on Consumer Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icce.org%2F
desc:	PresentedbytheIEEEConsumerElectronicsSociety,informationaboutkeytechnologies,products,servicesandarchitecturesforconsumerentertainment.

title:	PLMA. Private Label Manufacturers Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plma.com%2F
desc:	USA.Internationaltradeassociationofmanufacturersandsuppliersofstorebrandfoodandnon-foodproductstosupermarkets,drugstores,andmassmerchandisers.

title:	Team Sales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teamsales.com%2F
desc:	Amanufacturer'srepresentationorganizationfor6,000+storesinnorthernCaliforniaandnorthernNevada.USA.

title:	Bhomiyo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbhomiyo.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	ToolstosearchandviewIndicscripts,convertersfromoneencodingtoanother.

title:	Indian Scripts Input System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bangla.name%2Fisis%2F
desc:	UnicodecompliantfreelydownloadablesoftwarekeyboardinputmethodologiescoveringmostIndianscripts.

title:	The Indic Computing Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Findic-computing%2F
desc:	InvolvespreparationofahandbookforcomputinginIndianlanguages,withlanguagesspecificissues.AlsocontainsmailinglistsforIndiccomputingusers,developers,standardsandCVSlogs.

title:	ISCII white paper 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cicc.or.jp%2Fenglish%2Fhyoujyunka%2Fmlit4%2F7-3India%2FIndia.htm
desc:	AdescriptionoftheIndianScriptCodeforInformationInterchange)asdetailedintheIS:13194:1991standarddocument.AuthoredbyShashankBhatt.

title:	Kannada Localisation Initiative 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkannada.sampada.net%2F
desc:	ProjectedaimingtolocalizefreesoftwaresuchasKDEandGnome.

title:	Mozdev.org: Padma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpadma.mozdev.org%2F
desc:	AtechnologyfortransformingtextwritteninIndiclanguagesbetweenvariouspublicandproprietaryformats.

title:	Silpa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsmc.org.in%2F
desc:	SwatantraIndianLanguageProcessingApplications-pythonmodulesandprogramsforsorting,collationandotheroperationsonIndicscripts.ThecodeisavailableunderGNUGPL.MaintainedbySantoshThottingal.

title:	TIS 620 Character Set 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.langbox.com%2Fcodeset%2Ftis620.html
desc:	CharactertableanddetailsoftheThaiencodingsystem.

title:	The Thai font 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBy_Alphabet%2FSoutheast_Asian%2FThai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.into-asia.com%2Fthai_language%2Fthaifont%2F
desc:	TenThaifontsavailableforfreedownload.

title:	Thai Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBy_Alphabet%2FSoutheast_Asian%2FThai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thai-language.com%2F%3Ftab%3D2%26ref%3Dkeyb
desc:	AThaikeyboardlayout,downloadableTIS-620TrueTypefont,andtypingprogramforWindows95/98/ME/NT/2000/XP.

title:	A Brief History of Character Codes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftronweb.super-nova.co.jp%2Fcharaccodehist.html
desc:	AconcisehistoryofthedevelopmentofcharacterencodinginWesternandEastAsianlanguages,includingASCII,EBCDIC,UnicodeandTRON.

title:	3rdpageSearch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcode.cside.com%2F3rdpage%2F
desc:	Frontendtoseveralsearchenginesandportalsthatallowsyoutoenterqueriesinvariouscharactersets.

title:	ASCII and EBCDIC Compared 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynamoo.com%2Ftechnical%2Fascii-ebcdic.htm
desc:	Acomparisonoftwoofthesetwobasicencodingsystems,withtables.

title:	Characters and Encodings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.tut.fi%2F%7Ejkorpela%2Fchars%2F
desc:	Atutorialoncharactercodeissuesindigitalprocessingandtransferoftextdata,ontheInternetorotherwise.Includestablesandadetailedlistingofcontrolcodes.InEnglishandFinnish.

title:	Dan's Web Tips: Characters and Fonts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebtips.dan.info%2Fchar.html
desc:	Hintsandtipsaboutcharactersetsandfontsinwebdevelopment.Includeslinkstorelatedresources.

title:	EKI Letter Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eki.ee%2Fletter%2F
desc:	Querycharactersets,encoding,codepagesandUnicodeinformationinaneasy-to-usewebform.HeldattheInstituteoftheEstonianLanguage.

title:	HTML Document Representation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2FTR%2FREC-html40%2Fcharset.html
desc:	ChaptercoveringdocumentcharactersetsandencodingsinHTMLfromtheWorldWideWebConsortium'sHTML4.0Specification.

title:	HTML Validation: Using Character Encodings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.htmlhelp.com%2Ftools%2Fvalidator%2Fcharset.html
desc:	HowtovalidateHTMLdocumentsinvariouscharacterencodings.

title:	IANA: Character Sets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iana.org%2Fassignments%2Fcharacter-sets
desc:	TheofficialnamesforcharactersetsthatmaybeusedintheInternetandreferredtoinInternetdocumentation-heldattheInternetAssignedNumberAuthority.

title:	ISO 639 Language Names 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fxml.coverpages.org%2Fiso639a.html
desc:	ThestandardnamesforuseinSGMLandXML,includingacompletelistoflanguagenamecodes.

title:	LangBox International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.langbox.com%2F
desc:	CodetablesforISO8859-6,ASMO449plus,ASMO708(Arabic)andISO8859-8(Hebrew)andfurtherinformationaboutthecompany'sworkinmultilingualUNIX.

title:	MS Windows characters in HTML 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.tut.fi%2F%7Ejkorpela%2Fwww%2Fwindows-chars.html
desc:	AreviewoftheHTMLauthoringproblemscausedbysomespecialcharacterswhichbelongtoMSWindowscharactersetbutnottoISOLatin1.Includestechnicaldetailsandsubstitutiontables.InEnglishandFinnish.

title:	Tutorial: Shady Characters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebreference.com%2Fhtml%2Ftutorial17%2F
desc:	AtutorialthatexplainsHTMLcharactersets,characterencodingsandcharacterreferencesfromWebreference.com.

title:	World Wide Web Consortium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2FInternational%2FO-charset.html
desc:	Coverscodetables,Unicode,HTMLandXMLandlinkstootherresourcesanddiscussesinternationalizationandlocalizationissuesrelatingtocharactersets.

title:	Unicode FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unicode.org%2Ffaq%2Findic.html
desc:	OfficialFAQfromtheUnicodeConsortiumdiscussingISCIIandUnicodeaswellascommonproblemsfacedbydevelopersandusers.

title:	Apna blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rediff.com%2Fsearch%2F2002%2Fjul%2F29blog.htm
desc:	GuidetocreatingweblogsinIndianlanguagesusingunicodeencoding.ByMaheshShantaram.

title:	Cham encoding proposal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evertype.com%2Fstandards%2Fch%2Fch.html
desc:	DraftoftheproposalforencodingChamtoISO.Containsproposednames,andshapesofthecharactersandotherdetailsaboutthescript.

title:	Devanagari 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdevanaagarii.net%2F
desc:	Tipstoviewelectroniccontent,ietext,mail,news,webpagesinHindi,Konkani,Marathi,Nepali,SanskritandotherlanguagesusingtheDevanagariscript.

title:	ISE-Sugam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softfonts.com%2F
desc:	InstituteofSoftwareEngineering,Gondia(India)-ContainsinformationabouttheirproductsSugam-98-asoftwaretoenterUnicodeencodedDevaNagariinWindows98,andtheirDevanagariopentypefontAkhil_HEdesignedbytypographerAkhileshGupta.Nofreeproductdownloadsonthesite.Contact,licensingdetailsandauthorbiographyavailable.

title:	Sinhala encoding proposal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FIndic%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.egt.ie%2Fstandards%2Fsi%2Fsi.html
desc:	DraftoftheproposalforencodingSinhalatoforISOISO/IEC10646datedMarch1997.Containsproposednames,andshapesofthecharactersandotherdetailsaboutthescript.

title:	Ukindia - Learn to Read Urdu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FIndo-European%2FIndo-Iranian%2FIndo-Aryan%2FUrdu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukindia.com%2Fzurdu1.htm
desc:	Twoonlinelessonsonthescript.

title:	Unicode and Multilingual Support in Web Browsers and HTML 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alanwood.net%2Funicode%2Findex.html
desc:	AguidetodisplayingthousandsofforeignandspecialcharactersinWebpages,withtheaidofUnicode,plusnotesonsuitablemultilingualbrowsers,fonts,editorsandotherutilities.IncludeslistsofthecharactersineachUnicoderangethatcanbeusedtotestbrowsersandfonts.

title:	The Unicode Consortium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unicode.org%2F
desc:	Theofficialsitewithinformationandresourcesforprogrammers,implementersandothersinvolvedinglobalizationwork.

title:	The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely, Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joelonsoftware.com%2Farticles%2FUnicode.html
desc:	AnarticlebyJoelSpolskythatexplainsthebasicsofUnicodeandcommoncharacterencodingsandtheirimplicationsforprogrammers.

title:	Adobe: Unicode and Glyph Names 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpartners.adobe.com%2Fasn%2Ftech%2Ftype%2Funicodegn.jsp
desc:	AdescriptionofPostScriptglyphnamingconventionsinthecontextofUnicode.

title:	Characters vs. Bytes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tbray.org%2Fongoing%2FWhen%2F200x%2F2003%2F04%2F26%2FUTF
desc:	TimBray,co-editoroftheXMLstandard,discussesvariousUnicodeencodingsandtheirprosandcons.

title:	ConScript Unicode Registry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evertype.com%2Fstandards%2Fcsur%2F
desc:	InformationonblockassignmentintheUnicodePrivateUseArea.

title:	Fontboard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fzsigri.tripod.com%2Ffontboard%2F
desc:	MultilingualfontsandkeyboardlayoutsforUnicode-compliantandpre-Unicodeapplications.AlsocontainsinformationonCJK,Maltese,Esperanto,Arabic,CyrillicandHebrewandlinkstorelatedresources.

title:	Gallery of Unicode Fonts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGlobalization%2FCharacter_Encoding%2FUnicode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwazu.jp%2F
desc:	AgallerythatdisplayssamplesofavailableUnicodefontsfordozensofdifferentwritingsystems.

title:	Department of Official Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Frajbhasha.nic.in%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteundertheMinistryofhomeaffairscoversthelanguageact,languagerules,departmentalactivitiesandrelatedresources.

title:	Ethnologue: Languages of the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethnologue.com%2Fcountry%2FIN
desc:	ListoflanguagesofIndiaandthegeographicalareaswhereitisspoken.

title:	Indian Language Alphabet Comparison Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukindia.com%2Fzalph.htm
desc:	EdenGolshani'swebsite-chartsshowingallthecharactersoftheDevanagari,Punjabi,Bengali,andGujaratisyllabaries.

title:	Language Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.languageinindia.com%2F
desc:	MonthlyonlinejournaldevotedtothestudyofthelanguagesspokenintheIndiansub-continent.

title:	Learn Indian Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.languageshome.in%2F
desc:	Learntospeakbasicsof20IndianlanguagesinEnglish,Bengali,Gujarati,Hindi,Kannada,Malayalam,Oriya,Tamil,Telugulanguagescripts.

title:	Kodava Speech Community: An Ethnolinguistic Study 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FNatural%2FDravidian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.languageinindia.com%2Foct2001%2Fkodavarajyashree.html
desc:	AnarticleontheKodavalanguage,itsspeakers,anditsrelationshipswithotherlanguagesandKodavaculture.From'LanguageinIndia'.

title:	Boekblog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.skynet.be%2Fboekblog
desc:	Devirtueleverhalenbundelzijx500,dieindelenvan500tekensviaweblogsgepubliceerdwordt.

title:	Donia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.donia.nl%2F
desc:	Foto'senteksten.

title:	Europa na de Regen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philos.rug.nl%2F%7Efrank%2F
desc:	DichtbundelvanFrankM.K.Sijbenga.

title:	Korte verhalen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fjournal%2Fverhalen%2F
desc:	Eensitevolmetverhalenvan(nog)onbekendeschrijvers.Nieuwtalent,geenzwareliteratuurenjouwverhaalkanooktoegevoegdworden.

title:	Maharaji 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnl.maharaji.net%2F
desc:	VertaaldetekstenvanMaharaji(PremRawat).

title:	Naar het middelpunt der Aarde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gutenberg.org%2Febooks%2F10349
desc:	OnlineversievanditverhaalvanJulesVerne(plattetekst).

title:	Op zoek naar de Floorn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.donaferentes.nl%2F
desc:	Driedeligfantasieeposmetelkedageennieuweaflevering,doorDonaFerentes.

title:	Pigmalion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pigmalion.be%2F
desc:	Desitebiedt(voorlopig)nogdemogelijkheidomgratise-bookstedownloaden.

title:	Wellevendheid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FOnline_Boeken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collignon.tv%2Fwellevendheid.htm
desc:	E-tekstvan"Wellevendheid-EenhandboekjevoordeChristenjeugd,Doordenbestuurdervaneenopvoedingsgesticht"(1925).

title:	1954 Diary of a 10 Year Old Boy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alittlehistory.com%2FDi-begin.htm
desc:	Depictsplayandrecreationalactivitiesofsmalltownboysduringthe1950's,beforetheeffectsoftelevision.

title:	Diary of a Garterbelt Feminist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artcommotion.com%2Fgarterbelt
desc:	EssaywaswrittenbyLucindaRosenfeldrecallstheexperiencesofayoungwomanincollege.

title:	Inspirare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fjournal%2Finspirare%2F
desc:	Aoneyear-longwritingjourneyduringwhichwriterstookpartinanin-depthexplorationofthesourcesandexpressionsoftheirownspiritualandcreativeenergy.

title:	La Serrania Odysseys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laserrania.com%2Fodysseys%2Fodys_index.html
desc:	Inspirationalarticles,essaysandpoetrybypublishedauthorsandcreativewritingprofessors,artists,healers,andothercreativeprofessionals.

title:	Lock, Craig 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.craiglockbooks.com%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyofarticlesincludingcreativewritingcourse,financialadviseandpersonalgrowth.

title:	The NothinOfficial Hangout 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fnothinofficial%2F
desc:	Hangouttoexchangeunofficialnon-pseudophilosophicalthoughtsandviewsonlife,oldage,andnature.

title:	Open Letters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.openletters.net%2F
desc:	Amagazineoffirst-personwritingintheformofpersonalcorrespondence.

title:	Reason to Rock 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reasontorock.com%2F
desc:	AWebbookbyHerbBowie,ontheaestheticsofrockmusic.

title:	S(c)htick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schtick.net%2F
desc:	Non-fictionandartaboutthesmalloverlookedbitsofeverydaycultureandliving.WeblogandessayscoverarangefromhonkinginNYCtoelevatormisoperationinItaly.

title:	Scriggler 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=https%3A%2F%2Fscriggler.com%2F
desc:	Awriting,blogginganddebatingplatform.

title:	Scriven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scriven.com%2F
desc:	Writingincludesobservationsontechnology,society,scienceandjournalism.

title:	The Watchers Connection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fzine2%2Fwatchersconnection%2Findex.html
desc:	Articleaboutsubjectssuchasviolenceinschools,racism,andthedeathpenaltybyateenstaff.

title:	Where Were You July 20, 1969? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FOnline_Writing%2FNon-Fiction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wherewereyou.com%2F
desc:	CollectingandofferingstoriesfrompeoplewhowitnessedthefamousdayinthehistoryofEarth,thedayofthefirstMoonlanding.

title:	A Dravidian Etymological Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FD%2FDravidian_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdsal.uchicago.edu%2Fdictionaries%2Fburrow%2F
desc:	OnlineversiontotheindexesofT.Burrow's1984dictionaryfromtheDigitalDictionariesofSouthAsia.

title:	amimotion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FPersoonlijke_Pagina%27s%2FTeksten_Online&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amimotion.nl%2F
desc:	Korteverhalenengedichtenvanamies(AndriesWijnker).Muziekenvideomontage.

title:	David 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FPersoonlijke_Pagina%27s%2FTeksten_Online&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdavid.made-it.com%2F
desc:	Persoonlijkepaginametverhalen,sprookjesengedichten.

title:	De-Flux Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FPersoonlijke_Pagina%27s%2FTeksten_Online&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.de-flux.org%2F
desc:	Korteverhalenvanverschillendeauteurs.

title:	Hombergh, Yorien van den 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FPersoonlijke_Pagina%27s%2FTeksten_Online&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yorienvandenhombergh.nl%2F
desc:	Verhalen,stukjesenpersoonlijk.

title:	Huisman, Bert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FPersoonlijke_Pagina%27s%2FTeksten_Online&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berthuisman.nl%2F
desc:	Korteverhalenengedichten.

title:	Ammas.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ammas.com%2F
desc:	OffersauthenticIndianrecipes,cuisineadvice,andlifestyleadvicefromacommunityofmothers.

title:	Esamskriti.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esamskriti.com%2F
desc:	Essaysandanalysisonculture,history,philosophy,religion,vedantaandcurrentaffairs.

title:	Gateway for India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gatewayforindia.com%2F
desc:	ArticlesaboutIndianculture,religions,history,entertainment,cooking,andsports.

title:	Lokpriya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lokpriya.com%2F
desc:	Asiteaboutthecountry,itsculture,cuisine,artsandpersonalities.Detailedaccountsofsomeparticularsubjects.

title:	NRI Worldwide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nri-worldwide.com%2F
desc:	AportalfornonresidentIndiansworldwide.News,articles,andclassifieds.

title:	The Timeless Theater 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kamat.com%2Fkalranga%2F
desc:	Kamat'sPotpourri-adigitalarchiveofhistory,arts,andcultureofIndia.

title:	Laurens Jz Coster Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FElektronische_Tekstarchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcf.hum.uva.nl%2Fdsp%2Fljc%2F
desc:	BibliotheekmetelektronischeeditiesvanklassiekeNederlandstaligeliteratuuropinternet.

title:	Ursicula 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FElektronische_Tekstarchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.let.leidenuniv.nl%2FDutch%2FRenaissance%2FUrsicula.html
desc:	StichtingAD&LenCenetonpresenterenmetmedewerkingvandeMaatschappijvoorNederlandseLetterkundeendeBibliothecaThysianateLeideneenreeksdigitalefacsimile'svanbekendeenonbekendetekstenuitdezeventiendeenachttiendeeeuw.

title:	Wikipedia: Project Gutenberg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FLiteratuur%2FElektronische_Tekstarchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnl.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FProject_Gutenberg
desc:	Artikeloverdedigitalebibliotheekvanelektronischeboekenmetvoorbeelden.

title:	OpenSSH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FInternet%2FProtocoles%2FSSH&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.openssh.com%2F
desc:	Clientetserveuropensource.

title:	Wikipedia: SSH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FInternet%2FProtocoles%2FSSH&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffr.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSSH
desc:	Tutorieletexplications.

title:	English to Tamil Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FT%2FTamil&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lanka.info%2Fdictionary%2FEnglishToSinhala.jsp
desc:	AnEnglishtoTamilandSinhaladictionary.

title:	Sanskrit, Tamil and Pahlavi Dictionaries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FT%2FTamil&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sanskrit-lexicon.uni-koeln.de%2Fscans%2FMWScan%2Ftamil%2Findex.html
desc:	TheCologneonlinelexicon.Includestranslationsofwholeorpartwords.

title:	AllBestArticles.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allbestarticles.com%2F
desc:	Adirectoryoffreecontentforwebsitesorblogs.

title:	Amazines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazines.com%2F
desc:	Sourceoffreecontentforpublishersandwebmastersofferingfreesubmission.

title:	Article Alley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articlealley.com%2F
desc:	Internetarticlescoveringawiderangeoftopics.

title:	Article Biz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articlebiz.com%2F
desc:	Provideroffreearticles,reprintableforwebsites,newslettersandezines.

title:	Article City 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articlecity.com%2F
desc:	Databaseoffreereprints.

title:	Article Cube 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articlecube.com%2F
desc:	Articledirectoryoffersfreecontentforwebsites,blogsandnewsletters.

title:	Article Geek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articlegeek.com%2F
desc:	Articledistributionchannel.Authorspublishtheircopyrightfreearticles.Also,afreecontentsourceforwebmastersseekingfreecontentintheformofarticlesandRSSfeeds.

title:	Article Slash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articleslash.net%2F
desc:	Freearticlesdirectoryoffersfreecontentforwebsites,ezines,newslettersandblogs.

title:	Article-Buzz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.article-buzz.com%2F
desc:	Afreearticledirectoryfeaturingavarietyofcategories,freesubmissionandcontentforwebsitesandblogs.

title:	Articlelogy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articlelogy.com%2F
desc:	Siteallowswebmasterstofreelyusearticlesforpublication.Authorscansubmitarticlesfreely.

title:	Articles Base 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articlesbase.com%2F
desc:	Afreearticledirectorytochoosearticlesandcontentforwebsitesornewsletters.

title:	Articles Factory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articlesfactory.com%2F
desc:	Providesfreecontenttobereprintedonwebsitesornewsletters.

title:	Artipot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artipot.com%2F
desc:	Freecontentandreprintarticlesforwebsites,blogs,newslettersandezines.

title:	Expert Articles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.expertarticles.com%2F
desc:	Expertarticlesandtutorialsonmanysubjects.Freecontentandarticlesubmissions.

title:	Ezine Articles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fezinearticles.com%2F
desc:	Articlesforauthors,publishersandeveryone.

title:	Isnare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isnare.com%2F
desc:	Freearticlesforwebsiteownerstopublish.Printerfriendlyversionsavailable.

title:	Lady Pens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fladypens.com%2F
desc:	Articlesbywomenforblogs,newslettersandwebsites.

title:	Messaggiamo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.messaggiamo.com%2F
desc:	Articledirectoryofferingarticlessortedbycategoriesandfreecontentforpublishers.

title:	Saching.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saching.com%2F
desc:	Offerscontentforpublishersandacceptsarticlesviaemailforfree.

title:	Sooper Articles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sooperarticles.com%2F
desc:	Afreearticledirectoryforwebsiteownersandbloggerstopublisharticles.ContentfeedsforeachcategoryavailableinJavaScriptorRSSformat.

title:	UniversalTeacher.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.universalteacher.com%2F
desc:	Freearticledirectoryofferinghighqualityarticlesonawiderangeofsubjects.

title:	Unpublished Articles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FPublishing_and_Printing%2FPublishing%2FServices%2FFree_Content&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unpublishedarticles.com%2F
desc:	Sitededicatedtopublishingpreviouslyunpublishedauthorsandtheiruniquearticles.

title:	Wikipedia: Columnist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FColumnists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FColumnist
desc:	Onlineencyclopediaarticleexplainsthefunctionsofcolumnistsandgivesmanyexamples.

title:	Kettle, Martin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FColumnists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fprofile%2Fmartinkettle
desc:	CommentaryaboutnationalissuesandpoliticsappearingSaturdayinTheGuardian.Includesrecentarticlesandfullarchives.

title:	Nick Robinson's Newslog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FColumnists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Fnews%2Fcorrespondents%2Fnickrobinson%2F
desc:	WeblogfromtheBBC'spoliticaleditor,containingnewsandcommentonUKpoliticaldevelopments.

title:	Peter Hitchens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FColumnists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhitchensblog.mailonsunday.co.uk%2F
desc:	In-houseweblogoftheMailonSundaycolumnist.

title:	Journalisted 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FJournalism%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjournalisted.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofjournalistsandtheirworktohelpthepubliclearnmoreaboutthem.Independent,not-for-profitwebsiterunbytheMediaStandardsTrust,aregisteredcharitysetuptofosterhighstandardsinnewsonbehalfofthepublic.

title:	JournalistID 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FJournalism%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.journalistid.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofinternationaljournalist.Collaborateinrealtime.

title:	Wikipedia: Journalist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FJournalism%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FJournalist
desc:	Onlineencyclopediaarticlediscussesthejournalismprofession,includingthetypesofjournalists,andlistssomeprominentexamples.

title:	Giussani.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSwitzerland%2FNews_and_Media%2FColumnists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.giussani.com%2F
desc:	BrunoGiussani,awriterandcommentatorandtheEuropeanDirectoroftheTEDconferences,presentsthearchiveofhiswritingsandresearchonavarietyoftopicsandinmultiplelanguages.

title:	Angelocracy News and Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mi7.co%2F
desc:	Providespersonalopiniononeventswithaccompanyingpicturesandvideos.Alsohassectionsformusic,moviesandtechnology.

title:	Arabia Deserta: MENA Focus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arabiadeserta.com%2F
desc:	Analysis,andcommentaryofworldeventswithemphasisontheMiddleEast,theArabandIslamicworlds.Coverspolitics,economics,finance,religion,culture,andMiddleEastsecurityissues.

title:	As I See It 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmay-chang.com%2F
desc:	PoliticalcommentarywithafocusonLGBTQissues.Includespodcasts,videosandabiography.

title:	Barbados Underground 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbarbadosunderground.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Coverstopicalandcontroversialnews,withaprimefocusonBarbados.

title:	The Blog is Mine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theblogismine.com%2F
desc:	Offersgeneralnewsstorieswithmoderatedcommentsfromavarietyofsources.

title:	Blogger News Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bloggernews.net%2F
desc:	Bloggingsitewithdozensofcontributors,coveringaspectsofthenewsbusinessfromacitizenjournalistperspective.

title:	Bluegrass Pundit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bluegrasspundit.com%2F
desc:	Commentandarticlesoncurrentevents,politics,andhumor.

title:	BTC News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.btcnews.com%2F
desc:	Anacerbic,satirical,outragedandoccasionallyoutrageouslookatnews,politicsandmiscellaneousoddities.

title:	Buzz Machine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buzzmachine.com%2F
desc:	ByJeffJarvis.

title:	Canary Trap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canarytrap.in%2F
desc:	Indianweblogwithinformationrelatingtointelligence,terrorismandpolitico-securitymatters.

title:	Conservative Daily News (CDN) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fconservativedailynews.com%2F
desc:	Providespoliticalcommentary,cartoonsandopinion.

title:	Dagblog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdagblog.com%2F
desc:	Offeringsocialandpoliticalcommentary.

title:	DCRepublican.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdcrepublican.com%2F
desc:	Politicalandeconomiccommentary.

title:	Dinocrat.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dinocrat.com%2F
desc:	Acriticalreviewofpolitics,businessandthemedia.

title:	The Economic Voice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.economicvoice.com%2F
desc:	Coveringpolitics,business,lifestyleandscience.

title:	Everyday Citizen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.everydaycitizen.com%2F
desc:	Commentaryonsocial,politicalandeconomicevents.

title:	Fishwrap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblog.newspapers.com%2F
desc:	Postsfocusonhistoricnews-clippingsavailablethroughthearchiveheldNewspapers.com.Alsoprovidestipsandhintsonhowtonavigateandsearchatthatclippingservice.

title:	FITSNews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fitsnews.com%2F
desc:	SouthCarolinabasedwritingsalsocoveringwhat'sgoingonattheWhiteHouse,aroundtheworldandinbusiness.

title:	Foreign Policy News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fforeignpolicynews.org%2F
desc:	Anoverviewofinternationalaffairs,includingalternativeopinionsbyinternationalrelationsexperts.

title:	The Green Ribbon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tomgriffin.org%2F
desc:	London-basedIrishjournalist,TomGriffin,offersnews,analysisandopinion.

title:	Grumpy Editor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgrumpyeditor.typepad.com%2F
desc:	Criticalobservationsfromajournalistkeepinganeyeonallmedia,especiallyprintandbroadcast.

title:	The Guardian Technology: Blogging 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fmedia%2Fblogging
desc:	Startingpointtoasetofnewsstoriesprovidingintroductoryinformationaboutallaspectsofblogging.

title:	Guardian Unlimited - Newsblog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fnews%2Fblog
desc:	TeamweblogfromtheBritishnewspaper'snewsteam,augmentedwithdispatchesfromtheirjournalistsaroundtheworld.

title:	Heave-Ho.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fheave-ho.org%2F
desc:	Reportsoncurrentaffairsfromaroundtheworld.

title:	The Hidden World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadsenseandsearch.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	ArtistSheaHollimancommentsonnewsstoriesofinteresttohim.

title:	The Huffington Post 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huffingtonpost.com%2F
desc:	Offerssyndicatedcolumnists,blogsandnewsstorieswithmoderatedcomments.

title:	InstaPundit.Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpjmedia.com%2Finstapundit%2F
desc:	GlennReynolds'weblogoffersopinionsoncurrentevents,aswellashumorandpersonalnotes.

title:	James Wolcott's Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanityfair.com%2Fculture%2Fwolcott-blog
desc:	VanityFaircontributingeditorblogsaboutpoliticsandcurrentevents.

title:	kausfiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slate.com%2F%3Fid%3D3944%26qp%3D26088
desc:	MickeyKausfollowsdevelopmentsinpolitics,advertising,business,andthemedia.ASlateweblog.

title:	Kristine Lowe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkristinelowe.blogs.com%2F
desc:	Dealswithcurrenttrendsinonlinejournalism.AlsoincludespersonalobservationsaboutlifeinScandinavia.

title:	The Laser Guided Loogie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laserguidedloogie.com%2F
desc:	Irreverentpoliticalcommentarywihcartoonsandmemes.

title:	Lean Left 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leanleft.com%2F
desc:	Anothersmallattemptatdisseminatingprogressivethought.

title:	Lidtime.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lidtime.com%2F
desc:	Offerscoverageofentertainment,style,worldnews,technologyandbusiness.

title:	Lotus - Surviving a Dark Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwhoviating.blogspot.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offeringcommentaryon,andanalysisof,currenteventsfromtheperspectiveoftheradicalnonviolentleft.

title:	The Mahablog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mahablog.com%2F
desc:	News,opinion,anddiscussioncriticaloftheBushAdministration.

title:	Media Nation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmedianation.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	DanKennedyblogsaboutthepress,politics,technology,cultureandotherpassions.

title:	Metafilter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metafilter.com%2F
desc:	Communitybasednewsorientedweblog.

title:	Michelle Malkin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmichellemalkin.com
desc:	Conservativejournalist'sanalysisofcurrenteventsandpolitics.

title:	Morpheme Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmorphemetales.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Containsjournalismoninternationalissues,thehumanities,andtechnology.Writtenbyaprofessionaljournalistandpoet.

title:	The National Police Gazette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.policegazette.us%2F
desc:	Offershistoricalarticlesandillustrations,aswellascurrentnewsandopinions.

title:	NewsGram 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newsgram.com%2F
desc:	Internationalreportsonpolitics,society,culture,sportsandentertainment.FeaturingtrendingstoriesandInstagramphotographs.

title:	NewsLanc.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewslanc.com%2F
desc:	Providesreportsfromaroundtheworld-particularlytheUnitedStates.

title:	NextDraft News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nextdraft.com%2F
desc:	Anewsletterandwebsitethatcoversallthenewsfrompoliticstopopculture,fromJerusalemtoJLo.It'syourdinnerpartyprep.

title:	Notepad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fandyriga.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	TheworkofAndyRiga,areporterandoccasionalpoliticalwriteratTheGazetteinMontreal.

title:	Politics in the Zeros 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polizeros.com%2F
desc:	Musingsonpolitics,California,water,andotherwise.

title:	Reality Bites Back 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.realitybitesback.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	SteveGosset,aveteranofprintandbroadcastnews,nowwatchestheindustryfromthesidelinesandassessnewscoverageandcontent.Offersopinionsonawiderangeoftopicalitems.

title:	Rhetorica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Frhetorica.net%2F
desc:	Regularlyupdatedcommentaryandanalysisofrhetoricandspininpoliticsandjournalism.

title:	Rising Sun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Frisingsun.dannyarao.com%2F
desc:	Providestheauthor'spublishedarticlesthatarequotedbythePhilippineandglobalmedia.

title:	The Russia Monitor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftherussiamonitor.com%2F
desc:	AblogaboutdevelopmentsinRussianlaw,politics,andbusiness.

title:	Russian Mass Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Frusmasmedia.com%2F
desc:	TranslatedarticlesfromRussiansourcesoninternationalandnationalconcerns.

title:	Shenandoah 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjohngaltfla.com%2F
desc:	Focusingoneconomicandpoliticaleventsworldwide,providingcommentaryonmediaarticles.

title:	Sher View 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Faqsher.blogspot.co.uk%2F
desc:	Acommentarycoveringworldpolitical,economicandsocialaspects.

title:	snowdeal.org | conflux 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsnowdeal.org%2F
desc:	Aweblogthatprovidesdailyupdatesandlinkstonewsitemsandstoriesrelatedtoscienceandtechnology,culture,privacyandthemedia.

title:	The Stafford Voice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthestaffordvoice.com%2F
desc:	ArticleswrittenaboutcurrentaffairsacrosstheUnitedStates.

title:	ThePolitic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thepolitic.com%2F
desc:	CanadianconservativeweblogthatpublishesdailycommentaryonpoliticaleventsinCanada.

title:	Topix - Blog News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topix.com%2Fnews%2Fblogs
desc:	Headlinelinksaboutnewsonblogsandbloggingcollectedfromdiversemediasourcesworldwide.

title:	Voluntary Exchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvoluntaryxchange.typepad.com%2F
desc:	Postsoncurrenteventsandculture,focusedfromaneconomicperspective.

title:	Washington Post - Blog Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvoices.washingtonpost.com%2F
desc:	Comprehensivelistingofthenewspaper'sblogs,organizedbysubject.Includesarchivesofnolongercurrentblogs.

title:	Wow! Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.watcherofweasels.org%2F
desc:	Coverspolitics,PCsillinessandsocialissues,withanopenforumforreaders'commentsonchosenissues.

title:	Age of Iconoclasts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fageoficonoclasts.tripod.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Collectionofarticleswithunconventionalviewsofpoliticalandsocialissues.Containspastarticles,submittedarticles,andletterstotheeditor.

title:	Anonymous News and Views 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fks%2Fgreatdebate%2F
desc:	Anewsletterofcurrentevents,politicalviews,andopinions.Alsoincludesamessageboardandsoapboxformembers.

title:	Ben Tanosborn, writer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tanosborn.com%2F
desc:	Politicalopinionsite;Articlesincluded.

title:	The Big Eye 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigeye.com%2Faltnews.htm
desc:	Newsnotgenerallyfoundinothermedia.Conspiracies,controversy,scandals.

title:	Blogulator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblogulator.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	CommentonthenewsfromanAustralian-English-Americanperspective.

title:	Brandon Staggs .com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brandonstaggs.com%2F
desc:	Mordantcommentaryonpolitics,socialissues.

title:	The Buck Stops Here 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstuartbuck.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Commentaryonlaw,politicsandculturefromarecentHarvardLawgraduate.

title:	The Cackling Grackle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcacklinggrackle.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	CollectionofarticlesonmediaandpoliticsbyPatrickCrumhorn.

title:	Carl Jensen's Deja Vu 2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dejavu2000.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	AdailycausticandcrypticupdateandreviewofthenewsheadlinesofthefirstyearoftheMillenniumbyCarlJensenfounderofProjectCensored.

title:	Cassandra's View 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanticipatingempire.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Understandingsocietyandpolitics,andthegrowthoftheAmericanEmpire,inanhistoricalcontext.

title:	Christopher Lydon's Official Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radioopensource.org%2F
desc:	TheofficialsiteofChrisLydonandMaryMcGrath'snewproductioncompany,LandMProductions.UpdatesonthenextRadioprojectandopenForumsonmanyissues.

title:	The Cynic Journalist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swopey.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Weblogmaintainedbyajournalistwhospendshisdaysbeing''objective''

title:	Day, Gerald 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeraldday.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Notesonpolitics,law,andthenews.

title:	Dean's World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deanesmay.com%2F
desc:	Authordescribeshimselfasa"newsandhistoryjunkie".AdoptsatraditionalLiberalpointofviewwhenbloggingabouthistory,philosophy,scienceandculturaltrends.

title:	Fight The Bias 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fightthebias.com%2F
desc:	Commentaryallegingliberalbiasinthenewsmedia.

title:	Flavin, Rick - Flavin's Corner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flavinscorner.com%2F
desc:	ThoughtsandcommentaryupdatedeachFriday.

title:	FlyingFish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flyingfish.org.uk%2Findex.htm
desc:	Asitetoexposethetruthandovercomeinfluenceofmassmediaoninformation.

title:	GlobalIssues.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalissues.org%2F
desc:	Featuresalternativeperspectivesonglobalissuesthatarecloselyrelatedincludinghumanrights,tradeandenvironment.

title:	Greg's Opinion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gregsopinion.com%2F
desc:	ForallwhocarewhatGregthinksaboutthings.

title:	Hutch Report 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmhutch.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Personalcommentsaboutthenewsoftheday.MarkHutchersonoffersinsightsabouteventsinWaco,Texas,nationallyandabroad.

title:	The Hutchinson Political Report 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fearlofarihutchinson.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesweeklycommentaryonhotbuttonnationalissuesbypoliticalanalystEarlOfariHutchinson.

title:	Inside the Mind of Madness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftripathi.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Dailycommentaryonthenewsandcurrentevents(mixedwithpersonalevents)ofthedayasseenthroughtheeyesofAbhiTripathi

title:	JoeUser.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joeuser.com%2F
desc:	Analysisofcurrenteventsandissues.

title:	Jusiper 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjusiper.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Politicalopinionweblog.

title:	Kenneth E. Lamb's Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kennethelamb.com%2F
desc:	Includesarticlesonworldevents,andreligiousandsecularissues.

title:	Kushands 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kushand.org%2F
desc:	Discussionandtheexpressionofopinionsontopicsofsocialrelevance.

title:	Limited Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.limitedinc.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Linksandcommentarytomediaandpoliticalsitesofinteres

title:	A Long View 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Falongview.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	AndrewLong'srunningcommentaryoncurrentevents,politics,religion,andmedia.

title:	Media Underground 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.media-underground.net%2F
desc:	Atakeonsub-culture,counter-culture,theoccultandsuppressedmedia.

title:	Mr.Wonderful Explains Current Events 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Faz%2Fnativebob%2Fcurrevents.html
desc:	TheenigmaticM.W.delvesintocurrentevents"fromananglenotseensincegeometrywasdiscovered."Opinionatedandnotpoliticallycorrect.

title:	My Opinion, for what it's worth.... 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbillcarlisle.tripod.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Awebsitethatisdedicatedtomyopiniononthecurrenttopicsoftheday.

title:	Nathan Lott 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnathanlott.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Featuresmultiple,newspaper-article-lengthpostsonpoliticsandculture.PrimarilyinternationalrelationsandcontemporaryWesternartsandreligion.

title:	The Policy Think Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaygaskill.com%2F
desc:	Aveteranpublicdefenderwritesaboutcrimeandjustice,terrorism,religion,andmorality.

title:	Positive Propaganda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.honeylocust.com%2Fpositive%2F
desc:	Weeklywebserialreviewingsitesonculture,artandinformationwarfare.

title:	ProfessorBainbridge.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.professorbainbridge.com%2F
desc:	Aneclecticmixoflaw,businessandeconomics,politicsandcurrentevents,andwine

title:	Rehearsal Studio, The 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftherehearsalstudio.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	StephenSmoliar'stakeoneconomic,culturalandpoliticalnewsandissues.

title:	Review of the Week by Bao Dai of Hollywood 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftentacle.net%2F%7Ebaodai%2F
desc:	CommentaryoncontemporarylifeinAmerica.

title:	Riddel.Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.riddel.com%2F
desc:	Personalperspectiveonnewsandopinion.

title:	Ryan Mauro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ryanmauro.com%2F
desc:	Worldthreats.comoffersin-depth,well-researchedanalysisofthreatsfromterrorism,WMD,Iran,Russia,Iraq,LatinAmericaandthroughouttheworld.

title:	Satish and his thoughts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsatishdey.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	HighlightsIndia'sprogressasasuper-economicpoweranditsachievementsinindustry.

title:	Seeing the Forest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fseeingtheforest.com%2F
desc:	PoliticalCommentary-Lookingatthebiggerpicture;seeingtheforestforthetrees.

title:	sophoristically speaking 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsophorist.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	observationsfromanozarksattorneyonlife,law,andliberty

title:	The Source Diverse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourcediverse.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Looksatmainstreammediasourcesandtriestoportraythedifferentperspectiveseachoutletbringstothepublic.Looksatasinglestorytoseehowdifferentsourcescoverit.

title:	The Stopped Clock 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thestoppedclock.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Personalperspectivesonthenews,currentevents,andtheworld.

title:	Truth And Views 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.truthandviews.com%2F
desc:	Publishesarticlesandcommentaryaboutcontemporarypoliticsandculture.

title:	The Truth As I See It 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thetruthasiseeit.com%2F
desc:	WeeklycolumnsbyA.D.Freudenheim.

title:	Versen: This is the Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FAnalysis_and_Opinion%2FPersonal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fversen.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Center-leftpoliticalweblog,primarilyconcernedwithforeignaffairs.

title:	Big Blend Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigblendmagazine.com%2F
desc:	Onlinepublicationaboutart,lifestyle,business,music,andtravel.News,events,andattractions.

title:	Bracket Bracket 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bracketbracket.com%2F
desc:	Providespersonalhumorous,philosophicalandweirdobservations,artworkandlinks.

title:	Bubble Gun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bubblegun.com%2F
desc:	News,articles,andfeaturesonentertainmentandpopculture.

title:	Cafe52 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cafe52.com%2F
desc:	Technology,music,andculturalnewsanddiscussion.Includeslinksandpolls.

title:	Deb's Monthly Review 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lightpatch.com%2Fdeb%2Freview%2F
desc:	Articles,opinionsandlinksfeaturingfestivals,travelandarts.

title:	Digital Media Wire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digitalmediawire.com%2F
desc:	Devotedtocoverageofentertainment,technologyandtheinternetthrougharticles,discussionandlinks.

title:	EcuadorTimes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecuadortimes.net%2F
desc:	DigitalnewspaperprovidingarticlesaboutEcuadorandothercountries.Providestopicsaboutpolitics,science,sports,entertainment,amongothers.

title:	Entropy Gradient Reversals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rageboy.com%2F
desc:	Essayswithanedge.Subscriptioninformation,currentandbackissues.

title:	Failure Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.failuremag.com%2F
desc:	Interviews,articles,andcommentaryontheunsuccessfulinartsandentertainment,business,history,sports,scienceandtechnology.

title:	Freezerbox 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freezerbox.com%2F
desc:	Anindependent,opinion-basedmagazineaboutpolitical,cultural,andsociallifeasitpertainstotheglobalcommunity.

title:	Good Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.good.is%2F
desc:	Offersarticles,commentary,fictionandcomicsoncultureandsociety.

title:	Identity Theory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.identitytheory.com%2F
desc:	Features,commentary,reviews,andlinksontopicsincludingathletics,business,cinema,family,health,science,spiritualityandcreativewriting.

title:	iMakeContent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imakecontent.net%2F
desc:	Articlesandnotesbyajournalistabouttechnology,culture,politics,society,ecologyandbusiness.

title:	Infrequent Goodness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fzine%2Finfrequent%2F
desc:	Withfiction,poetry,musicreviews,rants,travelwriting,andmemoirssince1997.

title:	Journal of Lutheran Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elca.org%2Fjle
desc:	Anonlinepublicationdedicatedtopromotingtheawarenessof,studyof,andconversationaboutChristianethicsintheLutherantradition.Featuresarchive,linkstorelatedresources,andinformationabouttheLutheranfaith.

title:	Journalistically.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.journalistically.com%2F
desc:	Offerswriters,photographersandgraphicartistsaplacetohavetheirworkpublished.Findnews,photos,graphicsandnewsfeedscoveringcurrentevents.

title:	JustChillax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjustchillax.50megs.com%2F
desc:	Articles,horoscopes,andotherfeatures,allaboutrelaxingandchillingout.

title:	KGB Report 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kgbreport.com%2F
desc:	ObservationsbyandforthevaguelydisenchantedbyKevinG.Barkes.

title:	Kurrent Eventz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fzine%2Fkurrenteventz%2F
desc:	Offersarticlesandcommentaryonnews,politics,music,movies,television,andsports.

title:	Loud Bassoon Online Zine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loudbassoon.com%2F
desc:	Sarcasticorhumorousinformationandopinionsonthingsincludingmusic,movies,videogames,andrestaurants.

title:	Paperless 2K 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fegulphy.tripod.com%2Fpap2k.html
desc:	Aweeklye-zinewithopinionatedcommentaryinpublicationsince1995.

title:	Pigdog Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pigdog.org%2F
desc:	Offersnewsoftheweird,gonzojournalism,andvariousfeatures.Includesanarchive.

title:	The Post Chronicle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.postchronicle.com%2F
desc:	Offersbreakingnews,reviewsandopinion.Alsocoversbusiness,sports,movies,education,entertainmentnews,politicalandsocialcommentary.

title:	Soundbitten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soundbitten.com%2F
desc:	ThispublicationfocusesonmoderncultureandtheWeb.Includesarchivesandlinks.

title:	Threshold 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftsehanson.tripod.com%2F
desc:	FictionandessaysonAmericana,business,science,education,politics,religion,andsports.

title:	ViewZone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.viewzone.com%2F
desc:	Looksatlifefromdifferentangles.Featuresstories,science,"thefringe",humor,andothercreativematerial.

title:	West by Northwest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwestbynorthwest.org%2F
desc:	Aprogressivejournalofruralandurbanlife,artsandletters,ecologyandoptionfromaNorthwestperspective.Withessays,reviews,photography,poetry,andfiction.

title:	The Wire Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thewiremegazine.com%2F
desc:	Articlesandcommentaryoncurrentevents,socialandenvironmentalissues;musicnewsandCDreviews.

title:	Wit and Wisdom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMagazines_and_E-zines%2FE-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.witandwisdom.org%2F
desc:	E-maillistfeaturingwisdom,inspiration,humorandtrivia.Anarchiveofpastissuesandrelatedlinks.

title:	Columns Colcol 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colcol.nl%2F
desc:	ColumncollectievanvijfRotterdamsecolumnisten.

title:	Dijkshoorn, Nico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.volkskrant.nl%2Fredactie%2Fnico-dijkshoorn%7Er10543%2F
desc:	VerzameldecolumnsvanhemindeVolkskrant.

title:	Dunk, Thomas von der 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.volkskrant.nl%2Fthomas-von-der-dunk-storystream%2F
desc:	OverzichtvanzijncolumnsindeVolkskrant.

title:	Hol, Harry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schrijversblok.nl%2F
desc:	Schrijversblokiszijn(semi)wekelijksecolumn.Decolumnsgaanoverhetdagelijkslevenvaneenschrijver.

title:	Koelman, Luuk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.koelman.com%2F
desc:	Columnsen'brandbrieven'-metantwoordenenreacties-inMetro.

title:	Lans, Pauline van der 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.touchthesky.nl%2F
desc:	VolgookdewederwaardighedenvanmevrouwDeWit,enneemelkemaandeenkijkjeinhaarleven.

title:	van Lith, Martijn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmartijnvanlith.nl%2F
desc:	TekstschrijverencolumnistmeteenwekelijksecolumninhetLeidschDagblad.

title:	Metronieuws - Columns 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metronieuws.nl%2Fcolumns%2F
desc:	Overzichtvandagelijksecolumnsvanverschillendeschrijversindezekrant.

title:	Spaink, Karin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOpinie%2FColumns&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spaink.net%2F
desc:	ColumnistevoorhetParool,schrijfsterennetactiviste.Bijnaalhaararikelenenenkeledossiersoverhaarstrijdvoorvrijheidvanmeningsuitingopinternet.[MixNederlandsenEngels].

title:	Ahmed, Eve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eveahmed.com%2F
desc:	Freelancejournalistspecialisinginfeaturesaboutmixedraceandlifestyleissues.

title:	Aitkenhead, Decca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fprofile%2Fdeccaaitkenhead
desc:	ArchivesofhernewspapercolumnsinTheGuardianaboutBritishlifeandissues.

title:	BBC Desert Island Discs: Murray Walker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Fradio4%2Ffeatures%2Fdesert-island-discs%2Fcastaway%2F6e82a8d5%23b03xzx62
desc:	KirstyYoungtalkstomotorracingcommentatorMurrayWalker.

title:	Birch, Ian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fianbirch.co.uk%2F
desc:	FreelancejournalistbasedinNorthWestEnglandwithextensiveradio,TV,printandmagazineexperience.Providesinformationonhisjournalism,websites,photographyinterests,recordingsandjingles.

title:	Black, Ian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fprofile%2Fianblack
desc:	ArchivesofhiscolumnsfromTheGuardianonworldpolitics,includingInsideEurope.

title:	Bradley, David 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencebase.com%2Fresume.html
desc:	Freelancejournalistspecialisinginbiology,chemistry,physicsandothersciences.Biographyandclientlist.

title:	Charnley, Pem 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.articles.me.uk%2F
desc:	Freelancejournalist.Articles,linksandaweblog.

title:	Courtenay-Smith, Natasha 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.natashacourtenaysmith.com%2F
desc:	FreelancejournalistandfounderofpressandpublicityagencyTalktothePress.Includesaprofileandportfolio.

title:	Dale, Cindy-Lou 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cindyloudale.com%2F
desc:	Freelancewriter,reporterandphotojournalist,basedinSouthEastEnglandandBelgium.Providesaprofile,memoir,writinggenresandphotographicportfolio.

title:	Fisk, Robert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.independent.co.uk%2Fbiography%2Frobert-fisk
desc:	ArchivesofthenewsstoriesandcommentaryfromtheIndependent'sMiddleEastcorrespondent.MustsubscribetotheIndependentPortfoliotoreadcolumnsinfull.

title:	Freeman, Stuart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stuartfreeman.com%2F
desc:	RadiojournalistandpresenteroftheFM4Morningshow.Biography,workexperienceandphotographs.

title:	Geesin, Joe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joegeesin.com%2F
desc:	Londonbasedfreelancemusicwriter,reviewerandinterviewer;offersreviews,interviews,sleevenotes,andcontacts.

title:	Gittings, John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johngittings.com%2F
desc:	Chinaspecialistandforeignaffairsleader-writeratTheGuardian1983-2003.ProvideslinkstohisarticlesincludingChina'swelfareandenvironment,Tibet,CambodiaandKorea.

title:	Griffin, Alice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alicegriffin.co.uk%2F
desc:	Freelancewriterspecialisingintravel,bookandfilmreviewsandlifestylearticles.Seeexamplesandweeklycolumn.

title:	Hunt, Chris 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chrishunt.biz%2F
desc:	Freelanceeditor,journalistandauthor,whohasbeenwritingaboutrockmusicandfootballformanyyearsandhasbeeneditorofmanyleadingBritishmagazines.

title:	Johnson, Stanley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stanleyjohnson.com%2F
desc:	Journalist,authorandenvironmentalist.Profile,articles,booksandinterests.

title:	Journalisted 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjournalisted.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofjournalistsandtheirworktohelpthepubliclearnmoreaboutthem.Independent,not-for-profitwebsiterunbytheMediaStandardsTrust,aregisteredcharitysetuptofosterhighstandardsinnewsonbehalfofthepublic.

title:	Joyce, Nicola 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nicolajoyce.co.uk%2F
desc:	Freelancesportandfitnessjournalistspecialisinginswimming,open-waterswimming,triathlon,running,cyclingandadventuresport.Providesaportfolio.

title:	Kampfner, John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jkampfner.net%2F
desc:	PoliticaleditoroftheNewStatesmanaswellasanauthor,broadcasterandcommentatoronUKandinternationalpolitics.Includesprofileandlinkstohisnewspaperarticles,documentariesandbooks.

title:	Copyediting.co.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FEmployment%2FBy_Sector%2FPublishing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.copyediting.co.uk%2F
desc:	Informationaboutbecomingfreelanceproofreadersorcopy-editors.Contactdetails.

title:	Guardian Unlimited Jobs - Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FEmployment%2FBy_Sector%2FPublishing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjobs.theguardian.com%2Fjobs%2Fmedia%2F
desc:	Fullcareercentreincludingtools,employers,consultanciesandCVservices.Searchbysector:TV,radio,newmedia,marketing,PR,fundraising,advertising,events,pressandpublishing.

title:	Judy Fisher Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FEmployment%2FBy_Sector%2FPublishing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.judyfisher.co.uk%2F
desc:	Recruitmentconsultancyfortemporaryandpermanentadministrativestaffforthemediaindustry.

title:	The Media Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FEmployment%2FBy_Sector%2FPublishing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tmn.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKmediarecruitmentconsultancyspecialisinginjournalismandeditorialjobswithinmagazinepublishing,onlinenewsservicesandcorporatecommunications.Currentvacanciesarelistedonthesite.

title:	mediaposts.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FEmployment%2FBy_Sector%2FPublishing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmediaposts.prpn.com%2F
desc:	FreejobsboardforUKandoverseascareersinmediaandcommunicationsincludingprint,radioandTVjournalismplusmarketingandpublicrelations,newmediaandadvertising.

title:	Chicken of the VNC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Fcotvnc%2F
desc:	SourceForgeprojecttodevelopaVNCclientforMacOSX.Includesnews,downloads,andprojectinformation.

title:	dbind VNC client 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvnc.dbind.com%2F
desc:	SmallandfreeJavaclient.Theproductispresentedwithscreenshots,versionhistory,downloadandforum.

title:	eSVNC Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpagesperso-orange.fr%2Fsamfd%2Fesvnc%2F
desc:	BasedonTightVNC,whichbasedonVNC.[GNUGPL]

title:	Fastpush 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.darkage.co.uk%2F
desc:	FreelyavailableWindowsscripttoinstallWinVnctoNT,2000andXPhosts.

title:	Helpdesk VNC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helpdeskvnc.com%2F
desc:	GivesyouremoteconnectivitytoanyWindowsbasedsystemevenifitisbehindafirewall.

title:	RealVNC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.realvnc.com%2F
desc:	Open-sourcecross-platformremotecontrolsolution.

title:	TightVNC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tightvnc.com%2F
desc:	Freeremotecontrolsoftwarepackage.

title:	UltraVNC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvnc.com%2F
desc:	Combinesfeaturesfromotherprojects,likevideohookdriver,Filetransfer,chatandMSLogonsupport.

title:	VNC Session Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FNetworking%2FThin_Clients%2FVirtual_Network_Computing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Fvncsessmgr%2F
desc:	SoftwarethataddsthenecessarygluecodebetweenVNC'stwoexecutionmodesthatenablesxdmbasedlogintodisconnectedsessions.i.e.itprovidesa'TerminalServices'likeloginforUnixbasedvncservers.

title:	Blog Arundel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Farundel.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Aweblogdedicatedtoexploringpolitical,social,andenvironmentalissuesinAnneArundelCounty,Maryland.

title:	Daley Planet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdaleyplanet.org%2F
desc:	PersonalwebsiteofplanetarypatriotTadDaley.Ideasforpreventinggenocideandanother9-11.

title:	FWF- The Free World Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fempire%2Ffreeforum%2F
desc:	Young,under-21yearoldsdiscussionofvariouspoliticalphilosophies.

title:	Herman, Edward S: Political commentaries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmusictravel.free.fr%2Fpolitical%2Fpolitical.htm
desc:	Politicaleconomistandradicalcommentatorcommentsonworldevents,mediacomplicityandmediabiasfromaProgressiveperspective.

title:	Hogan, Hunter - HunterThinks.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hunterthinks.com%2F
desc:	ProvideshisanalysisandcommentaryofmajorWorldeventswithafocusonnon-violence,equaltreatment,andfreedom.

title:	The Minute Man Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmhkeehn.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Liststheauthor'sconcernsabouttheU.S.federalgovernmentandthelossoffreedomthroughwarandemergencypowers.

title:	OPED - Short Opinion Pieces 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sibelle.info%2F
desc:	OPEDpiecesontopicsofcurrentinterestineconomics,politics,terrorism,andsecurity.

title:	A Politically In-Correct Stop Over  on the Information Stupid Highway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpc.sux.20megsfree.com%2F
desc:	Ageneralizedrantonpoliticalcorrectness.

title:	Power, Violence and Poverty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fragmentsweb.org%2Ffourtx%2Fsubpower.html
desc:	Essaysonpoweranditsrelationshiptoviolence,povertyandsocialchange.

title:	The Rant:  Political Writings from a Wal-Mart Hating Notre Dame Populist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fblog%2Fndpopulist%2F
desc:	CommentaryonWal-Mart,theillsofAmericansociety,andvariousotherissues.

title:	Sand in the Gears 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftonywoodlief.com%2F
desc:	WeblogfeaturingTonyWoodlief'shumorousshorttakesonpolitics,life,andAmericanculture.

title:	The World According to Bill Fisher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbillfisher.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Articlesoninternationaldevelopment,foreignpolicy,humanrights,geopolitics,andjournalism.

title:	Gary Younge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists%2FYounge%2C_Gary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.garyyounge.com%2F
desc:	Officialwebsiteprovidestheauthor'scolumnarchives,bookinformation,profileandupcomingevents.

title:	AlterNet: Gary Younge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists%2FYounge%2C_Gary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alternet.org%2Fauthors%2F7290%2F
desc:	CollectionofcommentarybytheBritishjournalistandauthor.

title:	C-SPAN Video Library - Gary Younge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists%2FYounge%2C_Gary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.c-span.org%2Fperson%2F%3Fgaryyounge
desc:	VideosandtranscriptsofappearancesonC-SPAN.

title:	The Guardian: Books: On the freedom road 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists%2FYounge%2C_Gary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fbooks%2F1999%2Fsep%2F11%2Fguardianfirstbookaward1999.gurardianfirstbookaward
desc:	ExtractfromNoPlaceLikeHome,ABlackBriton'sJourneyThroughTheAmericanSouth,shortlistedfortheGuardianFirstBookAward2000.

title:	The Guardian: Books: Top 10 travel books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists%2FYounge%2C_Gary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fbooks%2F1999%2Fdec%2F02%2Ftop10s.travel.books
desc:	GaryYounge,authorofNoPlaceLikeHome,parttravelbookandpartinquiryintoculturalhistory,shareshisfavourites.

title:	The Guardian: Gary Younge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FNews_and_Media%2FJournalists%2FYounge%2C_Gary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fprofile%2Fgaryyounge
desc:	ColumnswrittenfortheGuardiannewspaperaboutU.S.,worldandBritishlifeandpolitics.

title:	Agnix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fagnix.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Anopensourceproject,whichhasbeenfoundedtoprovideaneducational,networkoperatingsystemkernel.

title:	Bona Fide OS Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osdever.net%2F
desc:	OSdevelopmentinformationandtutorials.Links.

title:	Intel Pentium 4 Manuals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intel.com%2Fdesign%2FPentium4%2Fdocumentation.htm%23manuals
desc:	ThefulldocumentationofsystemmanagementfromIntelfortheIA-32architecture.

title:	KernelNewbies.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkernelnewbies.org%2F
desc:	Resourcesforprogrammersnewtokernelhacking.Examplecode,FAQs,utilitiesfordebuggingmodules.

title:	Operating System Lecture Notes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.personal.kent.edu%2F%7Ermuhamma%2FOpSystems%2Fos.html
desc:	Notesonoperatingsystemtheory,sourcecodeofdescribingactualconstructionofoperatingsysteminCprogramminglanguage.AlsoOSconstructionrelatedlinkstobooks,notes,tutorials,andnewsgroups.

title:	OSDev 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osdev.org%2F
desc:	OSDevelopmentRSSNews,forums,andtheOSDevWikiincludingthelargestlistingofameaturoperatingsystemprojectsontheinternet.

title:	Pierre's Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpagesperso-orange.fr%2Fpierrelib%2F
desc:	AresourcecenterforPCoperatingsystemdevelopers.Theaimistoprovidereliabledocumentsaboutsoftwareandhardwarestandardsundertheaspectofofficialspecificationsaswellasmorefriendlydocuments.

title:	Porting UNIX to the 386 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fporting-unix-to-the-386.jolix.com%2F
desc:	Historicarticleseriesappearingin1991thatstartedtheopensourceoperatingsystemmovement.

title:	Yet Another Object Oriented Operating System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Falzt.tau.ac.il%2F%7Emichaelg%2Fyaooos%2F
desc:	Aprojectofdevelopingnewobjectorientedoperatingsystem.

title:	Convergence International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.convergence.org%2F
desc:	Thenon-Wintelusergroup,supportingAcorn,Amiga,Apple,ARM,Be,NCs,PowerPC,Psion,Unixandotheralternativeoperatingsystems.Servicesincludeanon-Wintelnewssummary.

title:	FutureOS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffutureos.cpc-live.com%2F
desc:	OperatingsystemfortheCPC6128andCPC-Plus.Information,downloadsandhelp.

title:	Operating System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FOperating_system
desc:	Growingarticle,withlinkstomanyrelatedtopics.Wikipedia.

title:	Operating System Sucks-Rules-O-Meter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsrom.zgp.org%2F
desc:	Theweb-basedoperatingsystemqualityandapprovalmetric.

title:	OSNews: Exploring the Future of Computing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osnews.com%2F
desc:	Weblogstyleonlinemagazineonoperatingsystemsandcomputingenvironments.Dailyupdates,readerforumwithmanycomments.

title:	Cefarix OS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FOpen_Source&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcefarix.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Newproject,intendedasstable,fast,secure,reliable,easytouse,32-bitprotectedmodeOSforx86andlaterPowerPCsystems,opensource,manyfeatures,graphicaluserinterface(GUI),toreplaceMicrosoftWindows,allversions.

title:	GeckOS/A65 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FOpen_Source&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.6502.org%2Fusers%2Fandre%2Fosa%2F
desc:	Full-featured,preemptivemulti-tasking/threadingoperatingsystemfor6502.ImplementssomeUnix-likefeatures:signals,semaphores,relocatablefileformat,standardlibrary,internetsupportviaatypeofsimplifiedsockets,virtualconsoles.

title:	GNU Operating System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FOpen_Source&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheprojecttodevelopacompleteUnix-likeoperatingsystemcomprisingfreesoftware.Includesprojecthistoryandphilosophy,licenses,downloads,anddetailsofhowtogetinvolved.

title:	KA9Q NOS TCP/IP Package 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FNetwork&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ka9q.net%2Fcode%2Fka9qnos%2F
desc:	SecondknownimplementationofInternetprotocol(IP)forlow-endcomputers;canatoncebenetworkclient,server,IPpacketrouter;supportmultipleclientandserversessions.Description,downloads,zipformat.Originalauthor.

title:	Systems Research Group, Networks and Operating Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FNetwork&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cl.cam.ac.uk%2FResearch%2FSRG%2Fnetos%2F
desc:	UniversityofCambridge,ComputerLab.ManyinterestingnetworkOSorientedprojects,includingNemesisOS.

title:	An Introduction to Programming Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acooke.org%2Fcomp-lang.html
desc:	Aneutralconceptualanalysisforthosewhoknowonelanguageandwanttolearnaboutothers.

title:	Lambda the Ultimate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Flambda-the-ultimate.org%2F
desc:	ProgrammingLanguagesWeblogwithnewsanddiscussion.

title:	Programming Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FProgramming_language
desc:	Growingarticle,withlinkstomanyrelatedtopics.[Wikipedia]

title:	Webopedia: Programming Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webopedia.com%2FProgramming%2FProgramming_Languages
desc:	Dictionarydefinitionsforwordsinthiscategory.

title:	Linux Today: Toshiba finds workaround to Microsoft End-User License Agreement bug 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FLicensing%2FMicrosoft%2FWinRefunds&url=http%3A%2F%2Flinuxtoday.com%2Fnews_story.php3%3Fltsn%3D1999-02-27-003-10-NW-CY
desc:	BriefarticleanddiscussionaboutToshiba'sshrink-wraplicenseanditsrelevancetoWindowsrefunds.

title:	Genode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FOpen_Source&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genode.org%2F
desc:	AnopensourceOSframework,intendedtobuildUNIX-likeenvironmentoverseveralmicrokernels.

title:	SuriyaaOS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FOpen_Source&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsuriyaaos.github.io%2F
desc:	Asimple,basicUNIX-likeoperatingsystembuiltbySuriyaaKudo.

title:	ToaruOS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FOpen_Source&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftoaruos.org%2F
desc:	Anopen-sourceUNIX-likeoperatingsystemwithGUIandnetworksupport.DevelopedattheUniversityofIllinois.

title:	All Things Ukrainian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allthingsukrainian.com%2F
desc:	ArtsandcraftsfromUkraineincludingPysanky,embroideries,stainedglass,reversepaintingonglass,beadjewelry,artworks,lacqueredboxesandcandlesticks,andcarvedcrucifixes.

title:	The August Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.augustcollection.com%2F
desc:	Handcrafteditems,one-of-a-kindartandlimitededitioncollectiblesbyfolkartistsandcraftersinUkraine.

title:	Daria Baran Publishing and Marketing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmy.tbaytel.net%2Fdbaran%2F
desc:	Ukrainiangreetingcards,calendars,musiccassettes/CDsandotherproducts.

title:	Kolos Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kolos.com%2F
desc:	Ukrainianbooks,music,videos,andgifts.

title:	Sapfir 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsapfir.ua%2F
desc:	OffersUkrainianandRussianhandicraftsincludingjewelry,giftsincorporatingKyivskiyandminiaturepainting,andcorporatesouvenirs.Onlinecatalogincludespricesandshippingdetails.

title:	Surma Ukrainian Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surmastore.com%2F
desc:	OrderonlineorvisitthestoreinNewYorkCity.

title:	Yevshan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yevshan.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesUkrainianmusic,books,videos,art,EastereggandPysankysupplies,andhandcrafteditems.

title:	ActiveState Programmer Network: ASPN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FOpen_Source&url=http%3A%2F%2Faspn.activestate.com%2F
desc:	Onlineresourceforopensourcecommunity:informationandresourcesforPerl,PHP,Python,Tcl,XSLT;Cookbooks,documents,maillists,modules,newsfeeds,products,usergroups,Webservices.

title:	Object-Oriented Concurrent Reflective Languages can be Implemented Efficiently 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FReflective&url=http%3A%2F%2Fciteseerx.ist.psu.edu%2Fviewdoc%2Fsummary%3Fdoi%3D10.1.1.27.5688
desc:	Researchpaper;OOPSLAOctober1992.ResearchIndex.

title:	Reflection in Logic, Functional and Object-Priented Programming: A Short Comparative Study 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FReflective&url=http%3A%2F%2Fciteseerx.ist.psu.edu%2Fviewdoc%2Fsummary%3Fdoi%3D10.1.1.50.6786
desc:	Researchpaper;DepartmentofDataProcessingandOperationsResearch,UniversityofMontreal,Quebec,Canada.ResearchIndex.

title:	www.UltraTechnology.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ultratechnology.com%2F
desc:	ChuckMooreForthrelatedlinksandstreamingvideos.ForthCPUchips.F21simulatorwitheditor/machineForthcompiler-assembler/debugger(freeware).

title:	Chuck Moore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colorforth.com%2F
desc:	CreatorandinventorofForth.NewincarnationofForthwithsimplifiedcolor-basedsyntax,improvedperformance.Fortharticles,multiprocessors,VLSIdesigntool.

title:	comp.lang.forth repository 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fforth.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Ideasandtipsfromthecomp.lang.forthusenetnewsgroup.

title:	DNW's Forth Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-personal.umich.edu%2F%7Ewilliams%2Farchive%2Fforth%2Fforth.html
desc:	AusefulcollectionofForthlibraries,ForthtoCtranslators,hints.

title:	EuroForth: European Forth Conference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.complang.tuwien.ac.at%2Fanton%2Feuroforth%2F
desc:	Friendlyinternationalconferencewheretimeismadeformeetingpeople,informaldiscussion,contacts.Delegatesfrommanycontinents,allpartsofEuropeincludingEasternEurope,formerSovietUnion.Introduction,schedule,maillist,priorevents.

title:	EuroForth: Yahoo Groups 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftech.groups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Feuroforth%2F
desc:	Maillistarchiveforconference-relatedannouncements,andfordelegatestodiscussconferenceorganization,especiallythetopicofconferenceworkshop.

title:	Forth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FForth_%28programming_language%29
desc:	Growingarticle,withlinkstomanyrelatedtopics.Wikipedia.

title:	Forth in Java Programming 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmn2%2Fmyyahtzee%2Fforth.html
desc:	ResourcesforusingForthinaJavaworld.

title:	Forth Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fc2.com%2Fcgi%2Fwiki%3FForthLanguage
desc:	Up-to-datecollectionofForthlinksandcollaborativewikiweb.

title:	Forth Programming Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcai.com%2Fweb%2Fai_info%2Fpcai_forth.html
desc:	Forthhistoryandselectedlinks,withafocusonartificialintelligence.

title:	BigProf Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbigprof.com%2F
desc:	ContainsPHPandCsourcecodeandresourcesforprogrammers.Offerstoolsforfreedownload.

title:	Books by Patrick Henry Winston and Friends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpeople.csail.mit.edu%2Fphw%2FBooks%2F
desc:	PatrickH.Winston,(co-)authorof"OnToJava,ThirdEdition","OnToSmalltalk","OnToC++","OnToC",ArtificialIntelligence,andLisppresentshisbook.

title:	CleanCode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcleancode.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Guidelinesforgoodsoftwaredesign/webpagedesign(andexamplesofwhatnottodo!),plusopen-sourcetoolsandlibrariesfordevelopers,focussingonJava,Perl,Javascript,CGI,andXML.

title:	Coder's Guild Mailing List Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netalive.org%2Fcodersguild%2F
desc:	Onceahighlyfrequentedprogrammercommunity,thisarchivecontainsfouryearsofdiscussionsaboutmanyprogrammingproblemsforalllanguages.

title:	Developer Fusion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.developerfusion.com%2F
desc:	TutorialsandsourcecodeforVB,ASP,PHP,XML,SQLServer,C#,C++and.NETdevelopers.Plussoftwarereviews,developerjobs,blogsandadiscussionforum.

title:	Developer.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.developer.com%2F
desc:	Provideslinkdirectory,technicalarticles,news,forum,andonlinebooksforJava,Linux,JavaScript,Perl,ActiveX,VisualBasic,HTML,DHMTL,XML,ColdFusion,CandC++.

title:	DevX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.devx.com%2F
desc:	Sourcecode,tipsandtricks.Mostsourceisfree.

title:	Directory of computer e-books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreeitbookdirectory.atspace.org%2F
desc:	Linkstoprogrammingrelatedonlinee-books.

title:	dream.in.code 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dreamincode.net%2F
desc:	Articles,tutorials,andforumsforwebdevelopersandprogrammers.

title:	For Programmers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanaturb.net%2F
desc:	Programmingrelatedresources,includingmanuals,codeexamples,tutorialsforC/C++,Perl,MySQL,Bash,Sed/Awk,CSS,Javascript.

title:	FreeTechBooks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetechbooks.com%2F
desc:	Freeonlinecomputerbooks,documentationsandreferences.Allwhichcanbeviewed,copiedandprintedatnochargeforprivateuse.

title:	FunctionX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.functionx.com%2F
desc:	Programmingresources,tutorilasandFAQs.Alsogeometricformulas.MicrosoftOSandprogramtutorials.

title:	Gepard Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgepardstudio.4ezi.com%2F
desc:	Sources(Pascal,Delphi,C,Java),games(Java,C).

title:	IBM: developerWorks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibm.com%2Fdeveloperworks
desc:	Anonlinecollectionoftutorials,samplecode,standards,andotherresourcesprovidedexpertsatIBMtoassistsoftwaredevelopersusingopenstandardsandcross-platformtechnologies.

title:	itmWEB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itmweb.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofnews,resources,andtoolsforsoftwareengineering,computerprogramming,andinformationtechnologymanagement.

title:	Krugle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.krugle.com%2F
desc:	Searchengineforopensourcecode,projectsandtechnicalpages.

title:	MediaDev 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mediadev.com%2F
desc:	Recentnewsandeventswithspecificmarketstudiesandresourcesforsoftwaredevelopers.LocalisedfortheUK,France,Spain,ItalyandGermany.

title:	Microsoft Developer Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmsdn.microsoft.com%2F
desc:	Providesarticles,whitepapers,interviews,andsamplecodeforsoftwaredevelopersusingMicrosoftproducts.

title:	Mycplus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mycplus.com%2F
desc:	ResourcesforC/C++,VisualC++andC#.Netincludingtutorialsandarticles,freesourcecodes,andopensourceutilities.

title:	Planet Source Code 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planet-source-code.com%2F
desc:	Letsprogrammerssubmitcodeforreviewbyotherprogrammers;manysourcecodesamplestohelpeducatebeginnersonmanyconcepts;contestswhereprogrammersvoteforthemostefficient,usefulcoderecentlysubmitted.

title:	Programmers Heaven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprogrammersheaven.com%2F
desc:	Asiteforprogrammerswiththousandsoflinksandfilestoexplore.EverythingfromAssemblertoVisualBasiccanbefoundhere.

title:	Raingod 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fraingod.com%2Fraingod%2Fresources%2F
desc:	ResourcesforJava,Javascript,Perl,Python,MacintoshandPalm.

title:	Softpanorama 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softpanorama.org%2F
desc:	InformationonOpenSourcesoftwaremovement.AlsoprovidesacollectionoflinkstoLinux,programminglanguages,databases,andnetworking.

title:	source-code.biz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.source-code.biz%2F
desc:	SourcecodeandtipsforJava,PHP,VB,VBScriptandotherprogramminglanguages.

title:	Sourcecodes World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sourcecodesworld.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofcomputerprojects,programs,sourcecodes,tipsandresourcesinC,C++,Java,JavaScript,ASP,COBOL,Pascal.

title:	TechBooksForFree.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techbooksforfree.com%2F
desc:	Freeonlineprogrammingandcomputersciencebooks(Linux,Java,Microsofttools,C/C++,PerlandPython).

title:	Undocumented Printing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.undocprint.org%2F
desc:	Variousinformationfordevelopersonwindowsprinting.

title:	Upload.co.il 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upload.co.il%2F
desc:	Providesdeveloperswithaplacetoupload,meet,share,exchangeideasandcodes,build,improve,bug-fix,read,redistribute,andmodifythesourcecodeofcontributionssubmittedtothesite.

title:	Zen Spider Website 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zenspider.com%2Findex.html
desc:	Informationandtoolsforlanguagewritersandprogrammers.

title:	Baba's Beeswax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian%2FEaster_Eggs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.babasbeeswax.com%2F
desc:	SupplierofbasicstoolsneededformakingUkrainianEasterEggs.Offerskits,teachingaids,booksandpublications.

title:	Best Pysanky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian%2FEaster_Eggs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bestpysanky.com%2F
desc:	Offershen,goose,emuandostrichdecoratedshells,aswellaswood,porcelain,plastic,stoneandcrystalvarieties.Pysankysupplies,stands,instructionandkits.

title:	Pysanky and Batik Eggs by Dore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian%2FEaster_Eggs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doreseggs.com%2F
desc:	Galleryofpreviouslysoldandcurrenteggs,withhistoryandorderinformation.

title:	Pysanky by Lorrie Popow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian%2FEaster_Eggs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pysankymaster.com%2F
desc:	Traditionalandcontemporarydesignsmadefromquail,chicken,goose,rheaandostricheggs.

title:	Pysanky Collectibles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian%2FEaster_Eggs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pysankycollectibles.com%2F
desc:	Hand-decoratedoriginaldesignsforsalealongwithtools,suppliesandinstructionbook.ClassesofferedlocallyinFleetwood,Pennsylvania.

title:	Pysanky Jewels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian%2FEaster_Eggs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pysankyjewels.com%2F
desc:	Handmadeearrings,necklaces,pins,andeggsofallsizesinpysankystylebyStephanieAstalos-Jones.

title:	Pysanky Showcase 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian%2FEaster_Eggs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pysankyshowcase.com%2F
desc:	Offerstraditional,contemporaryandCelticdesignsthathavebeendyedoretched.Alsoinformationonsymbolsandahow-toguide.

title:	Ukrainian Gift Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FEthnic_and_Regional%2FEuropean%2FUkrainian%2FEaster_Eggs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukrainiangiftshop.com%2F
desc:	Retailerofeggdecoratingsuppliesrequiredfortheartofpysanky.Includeskits,books,dyes,andkistky.

title:	Appraising Microsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.appraising-microsoft.org%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheAppraisingMicrosoftconferencesheadedbyRalphNaderandJamesLove.

title:	MSBC Superlist of Anti-Microsoft Web Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msboycott.com%2Fsuper%2F
desc:	Indexesmorethan250anti-Mslinksandforums:acomprehensivedirectoryofanti-MicrosoftactivityaroundtheInternetandaroundtheworld.

title:	WebRing: Anti-Microsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fhub%2Fantims
desc:	SitesandresourcesthatwantorlistalternativestoMicrosoftWindows.

title:	The Register: OS Expiration 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theregister.co.uk%2F2001%2F10%2F02%2Fexpiring_oses_check_the_windows%2F
desc:	ExpiringOSes?ChecktheWindows'bestbefore'dates.

title:	SecurityFocus: Microsoft Cookies jump Domains 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.securityfocus.com%2Fnews%2F83
desc:	PrivacyadvocateslaudMicrosoftforInternetExplorer'snewcookie-controls,whilethecompanytriesoutanewschemefortrackingwebsurfersacrossdomains.

title:	Microsoft quietly shadows Web surfers across MSN sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.cnet.com%2F2100-1023-245680.html
desc:	Daysafteracknowledgingaprivacyproblemwithitsbrowser,MicrosoftsaysitsprivacypolicydoesnotsayhowitidentifiespeoplewhotravelacrossitsnetworkofWebsites.[CNet]

title:	MSN Cookie Data Crosses Domains 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pc-help.org%2Fprivacy%2Fms_guid.htm
desc:	HowMicrosoftwebsiteslikeHotMailandMSNBCassignuniqueIDnumbersincookies,andsharesthatIDwithotherwebtrackingsites.

title:	Does Issuing Passports Make Microsoft a Country? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joelonsoftware.com%2Farticles%2Ffog0000000047.html
desc:	AmItheonlyonewhoisterrifiedaboutMicrosoftPassport?Itseemstomelikeafairlyblatantattempttobuildtheworld'slargest,richestconsumerdatabase,andthenmakefabulousprofitsminingit.

title:	Microsoft's Stock Options As Tax Loopholes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FAllegedly_Unethical_Firms%2FMicrosoft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fool.com%2Fportfolios%2Frulemaker%2F2000%2Frulemaker000217.htm
desc:	RobLandleyofMotleyFoolarguesthatMicrosoft'ssizeandmethodsallowittacticstomakemoneywithoutevensellingsoftware.

title:	Boycott Microsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies%2FMicrosoft%2FAgainst&url=http%3A%2F%2Farachnoid.com%2Fboycott%2Findex.html
desc:	PaulLutus'scalltostopMicroSoft'ssoftwaredistributionpolicy.DetailsaboutXP'sproductactivationpolicyandhowitaffectstherelationshipbetweenthecompanyandtheconsumer.

title:	The Evil Empire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies%2FMicrosoft%2FAgainst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepage.univie.ac.at%2F%7Eprillih3%2Fevil-empire%2F
desc:	NewsaboutMicrosoftCorp.:bugs,securityleaksandbusinesspractices.

title:	From MSWord to MSWorld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies%2FMicrosoft%2FAgainst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netaction.org%2Fmsoft%2Fworld%2F
desc:	ANetActionwhitepapersayingthatMicrosoftwillcontinuetogrow,untilitdominatestheentireworld.

title:	The Microsoft Boycott Campaign 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies%2FMicrosoft%2FAgainst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msboycott.com%2F
desc:	Anti-microsoftnews,views,andotherinformation.Updatedweekly.

title:	What's So Bad About Microsoft? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies%2FMicrosoft%2FAgainst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kmfms.com%2Fwhatsbad.html
desc:	Microsoft,fromoneuser'sperspective.

title:	USATODAY.com - Justice fails in Microsoft case 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies%2FMicrosoft%2FAgainst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usatoday.com%2Fnews%2Fopinion%2Feditorials%2F2002-11-05-edit-oppose_x.htm
desc:	Microsoft'sgambletobreakthelawtofendoffcompetitionpaidhugedividends.

title:	Economists Push for Microsoft Penalties 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies%2FMicrosoft%2FAgainst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nytimes.com%2F2002%2F06%2F18%2Ftechnology%2F18SOFT.html
desc:	Friendsofthecourtfilingurgesastoptothemonopoly.Requiresfreeregistration.

title:	Automated Code Generation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fc2.com%2Fcgi%2Fwiki%3FAutomatedCodeGeneration
desc:	Pageontheoriginal(Ward)CunninghamandCunningham,Inc.,Wiki.

title:	Code Generation is a Design Smell 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fc2.com%2Fcgi%2Fwiki%3FCodeGenerationIsaDesignSmell
desc:	Controversypageontheoriginal(Ward)CunninghamandCunningham,Inc.,Wiki.

title:	A Comparative Analysis of Meta-programming and Aspect-Orientation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gray-area.org%2FPubs%2Facmse-2003.pdf
desc:	Investigationoflanguageconstructstosupportimprovedseparationofcrosscuttingconcerns.ByJeffreyG.Gray,AssistantProfessor,UniversityofAlabama,Birmingham.

title:	Dynamic Languages Group - MIT AI Lab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ai.mit.edu%2Fprojects%2Fdynlangs%2F
desc:	Coversreflection,self-modifyingcodeormutableMOPs,Dylan,andaspect-orientedprogramming.

title:	Eclipse Modeling Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eclipse.org%2Fmodeling%2F
desc:	Focusesonevolvingandpromotingmodel-baseddevelopmenttechnologiesbyprovidingunifiedsetofmodelingframeworks,tooling,standardsimplementations;EMF,modelingframeworkandcodegeneratortobuildtoolsandotherprogramsbasedonstructureddatamodel.Descriptions,documents,downloads.

title:	IPAD Pro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xcprod.com%2Ftitan%2F
desc:	MetaCASEtool.ItallowsdeveloperstobuildCASEtoolsthatallowenduserstousegraphicalobjectmanipulationtodesignandmaintainendusersystems.ItincorporatesahighlevelvisualprogramminginterfaceandprovidesmultiplatformGUIandexecutionenvironment.

title:	ModelBased.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmodelbased.net%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtotoolsandinformationrelatedtomodel-drivensystemdevelopment,aimingatsupportingOMG'svisionofMDA.

title:	Tim Sheard's Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.cecs.pdx.edu%2F%7Esheard%2F
desc:	Researchesthedesign,implementation,useofmetaprogrammingsystems,createdMetaML,manylinksonfunctionalmetaprogramming,NSFpapers.PortlandStateUniversity,ComputerScienceDepartment.

title:	The Art of Metaprogramming, Part 1: Introduction to Metaprogramming 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibm.com%2Fdeveloperworks%2Flibrary%2Fl-metaprog1%2F
desc:	Anunder-usedprogrammingtechniqueiswritingprogramsthatgenerateprogramsorprogramparts.Covers:whymetaprogrammingisneeded,somecomponentsofit,buildingacodegenerator;language-sensitivemacroprogramminginScheme.IBMdeveloperWorks.

title:	Are You Missing out on Code Generation? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.devx.com%2FJava%2FArticle%2F15511%2F
desc:	WritingEJBsbyhandwasteseffortandtime;usingthepassivewizardsintoday'sIDEsisasbad.Solution:useactivecodegeneration.LearnwhythisisagoodideadespitetheFUDagainstit.DevX.

title:	OpenCOMAL Linux-native COMAL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FInterpreted%2FProcedural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macharsoft.co.uk%2Fopencomal%2Fopencomal1.html
desc:	Briefdescription,screenshot,links.

title:	OpenComal Project Details 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FInterpreted%2FProcedural&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreecode.com%2Fprojects%2Fopencomal%3Ftopic_id%3D49
desc:	Briefdescription,links,information,downloads.[freshmeat.net]

title:	Tensile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FInterpreted%2FProcedural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nongnu.org%2Fnsl%2F
desc:	AnexTENSIbLEprogramminglanguageintendedmainlytoprocesstextdocumentsinvariousinputformatsandlanguages.CoreusesonlyfeaturesfromISOC+POSIXlibraryfunctions.WasNSL.[Opensource,GPL]

title:	Tensile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FInterpreted%2FProcedural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsavannah.nongnu.org%2Fprojects%2Fnsl%2F
desc:	LanguagemademainlyforcomplexprocessingoftextinSGML-likeformats.Keyfeature:notionoffinite-stateautomatausedtodefinetexttransformations.AlsomadeforWebprogramming,withinherentCGIabilities.Projectpage.[Savannah]

title:	Bringing Consumer Choice to Electricity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heritage.org%2FResearch%2FEnergyandEnvironment%2FHL582.cfm
desc:	PositionpaperbyTomDeLayarguingthatgovernment-mandatedmonopolyproductionandpricingforelectricitybeended.

title:	GATA and LeMetropole Campaign 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lemetropolecafe.com%2Fcampaign.html
desc:	Extensivemulti-yearresearchhasledtheGoldAnti-TrustActionCommittee(GATA)totheconclusionthatthegoldmarketisbeingovertlymanipulated;andthattherelationshipofavailablephysicalgoldtooutstandinggoldloansposesaseriousrisktotheU.S.andglobalfinancialsystems.

title:	Power Elites & Monopoly Power 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEconomic%2FMonopolies_and_Oligopolies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laissez-fairerepublic.com%2Fmonopoly.htm
desc:	Thisarticledealswithexploitativemonopolies,theircausesandcureandwithsuchideasaslaissez-faireeconomics,monopoly,regulations,andsocialism.

title:	About Microsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FMicrosoft_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2Fabout%2F
desc:	Getinformationaboutthecompany,includingacompanyprofile,itsmissionandvalues,businessstrategy,andcommunityaffairsprograms.

title:	Microsoft  Careers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FMicrosoft_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2Fcareers%2F
desc:	Thecompany'scareerportal.Includesjobscategorizedbyproducts,withonlineprofilesandresumesubmission.

title:	Microsoft Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FMicrosoft_Corporation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2F
desc:	Mainsiteforproductinformation,support,andnews.

title:	Microsoft PressPass 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FMicrosoft_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2Fpresspass%2F
desc:	Siteintendedforjournalists,includingpressreleases,speeches,andevents.

title:	Microsoft Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FMicrosoft_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fresearch.microsoft.com%2F
desc:	Corporateresearchdivision.Includesprojectsandpublications,newsandhistory,andjobopportunities.

title:	MSFT Investor Relations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FMicrosoft_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2Fmsft%2Fdefault.mspx
desc:	Includesinvestornewsandevents,reportsandfilings,andstockquotes.

title:	MSN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FMicrosoft_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msn.com%2F
desc:	Portalforshopping,newsandmoney,e-mail,search,andchat.

title:	Apprentissage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FProgrammation%2FLangages%2FForth&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrauqnej.free.fr%2Fforth%2Fen_layer%2Fforth.htm
desc:	ApprentissagedulangageavecTurbo-Forth.

title:	A GNU Make Quine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming%2FQuines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjapple.freeshell.org%2Fcode%2Fquines%2F
desc:	Thisisaquinewrittenfor"make",specificallythegnuversion.

title:	The Quine Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming%2FQuines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyx.net%2F%7Egthompso%2Fquine.htm
desc:	Examplesofself-reproducingprogramsinvariouslanguages,withsomeextensions,includingpolyglotquines,iteratingquines,andquinegenerators.

title:	Quines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FMetaprogramming%2FQuines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madore.org%2F%7Edavid%2Fcomputers%2Fquine.html
desc:	Anessayonquines,programswhichproducetheirownlistingasoutput.

title:	Cup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FScripting%2FProcedural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Fcup-language%2F
desc:	Combinationlightweightcompilerandvirtualmachine(VM),suitableforembeddingintolargerparentapplications,pureprocedural,allowstop-levelcodelikescriptinglanguages.Inearlydevelopment.[OpenSource,ArtisticLicense]

title:	Felix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FScripting%2FProcedural&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffelix.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	AhighperformancestaticallytypedpolymorphicmicrothreadedC/C++compatiblescriptinglanguageintegratingproceduralandfunctionalprogrammingstyleswhichtargetsdynamicallyloadablebinaries.

title:	KiXtart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FScripting%2FProcedural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kixtart.org%2F
desc:	AnofficialsiteoflogonscriptprocessorandenhancedbatchscriptinglanguageforcomputersrunningWindowsXP,Windows2000,WindowsNTorWindows9xinaWindowsNetworkingenvironment.

title:	ItWorld: Scripting with C 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FScripting%2FProcedural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itworld.com%2Fswol-0818-regex
desc:	VariousinterpretersofferfamiliarityofCinmoreattractivepackages:briefinventoryofthemainproductsthatgiveCanewlook.

title:	Al Canto dei Carnesecchi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia%2FCognomi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carnesecchi.eu%2F
desc:	Storiadellafamigliafiorentina.

title:	Albero genealogico Maricotti 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia%2FCognomi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maricotti.com%2F
desc:	AlberogenealogicodellafamigliaMaricotti.

title:	Barbieri 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia%2FCognomi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.tiscali.it%2Fdavidesl%2F
desc:	Rappresental'alberogenealogicodellafamigliaomonimaediquellecollegate.

title:	Barbieri di Castelletto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia%2FCognomi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.famigliabarbieri.it%2F
desc:	BarbieridiCastelletto(PV).Discendenzadalcinquecentoalterzomillennio.

title:	Bonanni d'Ocre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia%2FCognomi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bonannidocre.com%2F
desc:	Bonannid'OcredalXIIsecoloaigiorninostriinAbruzzo.Genalogiaedescrizionedelterritorio.

title:	Brusotti 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia%2FCognomi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brusotti.it%2F
desc:	Alberigenealogici,elenchidipersoneestoriedeipersonaggidellafamiglia.

title:	Caramelli di Clavesana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia%2FCognomi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caramellidiclavesana.it%2F
desc:	StoriaegenalogiadellafamigliaCaramellidiClavesana.Sonopresentianchedocumentiefoto.

title:	Department of Justice: Antitrust Division 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FCurrent_Events%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FMergers_and_Monopolies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.justice.gov%2Fatr%2F
desc:	Newsandbackgroundfromgovernmentbureauresponsibleforanti-trustenforcement.

title:	Federal Communications Commission 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FCurrent_Events%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FMergers_and_Monopolies%2FMedia_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fcc.gov%2F
desc:	TheFCCofficialhomepage,withnewsbackgroundandotherinformationaboutregulatoryagency'sactivitiesandpositions.

title:	New Democracy Forum -- The Future of Media? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FCurrent_Events%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FMergers_and_Monopolies%2FMedia_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bostonreview.net%2Fndf.html%23Media
desc:	Onlinedebateabouteffectsondemocracyofcorporatedominanceandconcentrationofmediaownership.IncludesopinionsfromdifferingperspetivesfromRobertMcChesney,LawrenceGrossman,RalphNaderandothercontributors.FromBostonReview.

title:	The Progress & Freedom Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FCurrent_Events%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FMergers_and_Monopolies%2FMedia_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pff.org%2F
desc:	Athinktankdevotedtothestudyofthedigitalrevolution.Generallysupportsderegulationandfreemarketintelecommunications.

title:	Centum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FInterpreted%2FMultiparadigm&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcentum.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Interpretedlanguageintendedtomakeiteasytoexpressalgorithms.Mergesfunctional,object-oriented,andimperativeprogrammingstyles,andaddssomeuniquetraits.Opensource.

title:	Charles in Space 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHistory%2FPioneers%2FSimonyi%2C_Charles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.charlesinspace.com%2F
desc:	CoversSimonyi's10dayspacetrip,April2007.

title:	Charles Simonyi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHistory%2FPioneers%2FSimonyi%2C_Charles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FCharles_Simonyi
desc:	Growingarticle,withlinkstomanyrelatedtopics.Wikipedia.

title:	Charles Simonyi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHistory%2FPioneers%2FSimonyi%2C_Charles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fedge.org%2Fmemberbio%2Fcharles_simonyi
desc:	Briefbiography,linkstorelatedarticles.EdgeFoundation.

title:	Arki Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.tiscali.it%2Farkimedianet%2F
desc:	Ricercaedocumentazionearchivisticaperlagenealogiael'araldica.Servizieassistenzalegale.

title:	Genealogia italiana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSociet%C3%A0%2FGenealogia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genealogiaitaliana.it%2F
desc:	Offreservizidiricercadidocumentazionearchivisticaperlacreazionedell'alberogenealogicodifamiglia.Contieneunformpericontatti.

title:	The Code of Federal Regulations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FCurrent_Events%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FRegulations_and_Policies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gpo.gov%2Ffdsys%2Fbrowse%2FcollectionCfr.action%3FcollectionCode%3DCFR
desc:	AcodificationofthegeneralandpermanentrulespublishedintheFederalRegisterbytheExecutivedepartmentsandagenciesoftheFederalGovernment.

title:	Law.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FCurrent_Events%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FRegulations_and_Policies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.law.com%2F
desc:	Offeringlegalnews,articles,joblistings,informationandproducts.

title:	Broadcasters Public Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FMedia%2FPublic_Interest&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.broadcastpublicservice.org%2F
desc:	WebsitesponsoredbytradeorganizationNationalAssociationofBroadcasterstopublicizepublicservicecontributionsofbroadcastindustry.

title:	Free Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FMedia%2FPublic_Interest&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freepress.net%2F
desc:	Mediareformorganizationpromotingpoliciestoproduceamorecompetitiveandpublicinterest-orientedmediasystemwithastrongnonprofitandnoncommercialsector.Includeshowtohelp,alistoforganizations,andacalendarofevents.

title:	National Radio Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FMedia%2FPublic_Interest&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radioproject.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationcommittedtoinvestigativejournalism,analysis,civicparticipation.Produces"MakingContact"radioprogramavailableonline.

title:	Smoke in the Eye 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FBusiness%2FMedia%2FPublic_Interest&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fpages%2Ffrontline%2Fsmoke%2F
desc:	A1996investigationofthecontroversial"60Minutes"profileonthetobaccoindustry.Synopsis,interviews,andlinks.

title:	Antifascismo a Torino negli anni trenta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FCasa%2FFamiglia%2FSiti_di_Famiglie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdigilander.libero.it%2Fbertolinopietro%2F
desc:	UnnipoteproponeuncommossoricordodelnonnoPietroBertolino.FuantifascistaneglianniventiedassassinatosulpontedelquartierediSassiaTorinonel1931.

title:	Bytecode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FInterpreted%2FBytecode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FBytecode
desc:	Growingarticle,withlinkstomanyrelatedtopics.[Wikipedia,opencontent,GNUFDL]

title:	Parrotcode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FInterpreted%2FBytecode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parrotcode.org%2F
desc:	HomeofParrotVirtualMachine,madefordynamiclanguages,originallyatargetforPerl6compiler,hostsmanylanguageimplementationsinvariedstagesofcompletion:Tcl,Javascript,Ruby,Lua,Scheme,PHP,Python,Perl6,APL,.NET.Opensource.

title:	Virtual Virtual Machine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FInterpreted%2FBytecode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvvm.lip6.fr%2F
desc:	VVMoverview,history,members,projects,realizations,publications.

title:	Abykus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abykus.com%2F
desc:	Full-featuredobject-orientedspreadsheetforWindows.Freeware.

title:	European Spreadsheet Risks Interest Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eusprig.org%2F
desc:	Promotesresearchregardingtheextentandnatureoftheproblemofspreadsheetrisks.

title:	GNU Oleo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fsoftware%2Foleo%2Foleo.html
desc:	AGNUspreadsheet.

title:	Mariner Calc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marinersoftware.com%2F
desc:	FortheMac,version9orX.Descriptionoftheproduct,presentationofthecompany.

title:	The Spreadsheet Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.j-walk.com%2Fss%2F
desc:	ByJohnWalkenbach,authorofthespreadsheetcolumnforPCWorldmagazine.Offershistory,links,andillustratedjokesaswellasfiles,FAQs,andreleaselistforExcel,Lotus1-2-3,andQuattroPro.

title:	Spreadsheet Tools and Their Producers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emsps.com%2Flists%2Fssutilp.htm
desc:	Listofspreadsheetstoolsandbooksandtheirauthors.

title:	Spreadsheets Frequently Asked Questions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.faqs.org%2Ffaqs%2Fspreadsheets%2Ffaq%2F
desc:	FAQofthecomp.apps.spreadsheetsusenetnewsgroup.

title:	VisiCalc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bricklin.com%2Fvisicalc.htm
desc:	Oneofthefirst"killerapps"forpersonalcomputers.Informationfromitscreators,DanBricklinandBobFrankston.

title:	Access Reports 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMedia_Industry%2FRegulation_and_Policy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accessreports.com%2F
desc:	AccessReportscoversFreedomofInformationActandprivacyissues.Websitecontainsnewssummariesofmaterialinpaidpublication,pluslinksandstatutes.

title:	European Platform of Regulatory Authorities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMedia_Industry%2FRegulation_and_Policy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epra.org%2F
desc:	ProvidingaforumfordiscussionofissuesspanningtheEuropeanbroadcastingregulatoryauthorities.Organizationinformation,documents,andnews.[FrenchandEnglish]

title:	Federal Communications Commission 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMedia_Industry%2FRegulation_and_Policy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fcc.gov%2F
desc:	TheFederalCommunicationsCommission(FCC)regulatesinterstateandinternationalcommunicationsbyradio,television,wire,satelliteandcable.FCCwebsiteresourcesincludePublicNotices,NewsReleases,Orders,NoticesofProposedRulemaking,FactSheets,databases,andaudiorecordings

title:	FindLaw: Legal Subjects: Communications Law 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMedia_Industry%2FRegulation_and_Policy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.findlaw.com%2F01topics%2F05communications%2Findex.html
desc:	Linkstoresourcesrelatedtotelecommunicationslawandpolicy.

title:	Information Infrastructure Task Force 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMedia_Industry%2FRegulation_and_Policy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibiblio.org%2Fnii%2F
desc:	InformationandresourcesfromtaskforceorganizedbytheWhiteHousetoarticulateandimplementtheAdministration'svisionfortheNationalInformationInfrastructure(NII).

title:	National Telecommunications and Information Administration 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMedia_Industry%2FRegulation_and_Policy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntia.doc.gov%2F
desc:	NTIAisthePresident'sprincipaladviserontelecommunicationsandinformationpolicy.

title:	U.S. Copyright Office Home Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FMedia_Industry%2FRegulation_and_Policy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.copyright.gov%2F
desc:	U.S.CopyrightOfficeisanofficeofpublicrecordforcopyrightregistrationanddepositofcopyrightmaterial.

title:	A-Infos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FAnarchism%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ainfos.ca%2F
desc:	Amultilingual,internationalnewsservicecoveringanarchistsandanarchism.Currentheadlines,postingguidelines,archives,andsubscriptioninformationprovided.

title:	A-Infos: Anarchist News Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FAnarchism%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ainfos.ca%2Fen%2F
desc:	Aninternational,multilingualAnarchistnewsservice.

title:	ALTER-EE Alternative Network for Eastern Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FAnarchism%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alter.most.org.pl%2Ffa
desc:	CreatedtohelptocoordinateanarchistactivitiesintheregionofEasternEurope.

title:	The Anarchy Show 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FAnarchism%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.4zzzfm.org.au%2Fprogram%2Fthe-anarchy-show%3Faction%3Ddsp_show%26showID%3D9%26day%3D2
desc:	Radioprogram.Brisbane,Australia.

title:	General Strike 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FAnarchism%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sonic.net%2F%7Efiggins%2Fgeneralstrike%2Findex.html
desc:	Informationaboutpastandcurrentgeneralstrikesaroundtheworld.

title:	Revolutionary Anarchy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FAnarchism%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Farmy_of_the_ppl.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Newsandanalysis,essays,informationoncurrentissuesanddifferenttypesofanarchy.

title:	Slingshot! Main Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FAnarchism%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fslingshot.tao.ca%2F
desc:	TheonlineversionofSlingshot,aregularlypublishedanarchistnewspaper.

title:	AKApplications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FProgrammieren%2FWerkzeuge&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akinstaller.de%2F
desc:	AngebotenwerdenEntwickler-ToolszurSetup/Patch-Auslieferung,Deployment-Software,Installer,GUI-Layout,LibraryGLLzumTeilalsShareware.

title:	.NET Framework Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FComponent_Frameworks%2FNET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmsdn.microsoft.com%2Fnetframework%2F
desc:	Microsoft.NETonMSDN.Articles.Downloads.Links.

title:	.NET Framework 3.0 Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FComponent_Frameworks%2FNET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmsdn.microsoft.com%2Fen-us%2Fnetframework%2Faa663323.aspx
desc:	InformationontheMicrosoft.NETFrameworkversion3.0(formerlyWinFX)technologies.

title:	Microsoft .NET 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FComponent_Frameworks%2FNET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2Fnet
desc:	Generalinformationslantedtowardsbusiness.

title:	A Novice On Writing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FComponent_Frameworks%2FNET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmahalax.blogspot.com%2Fatom.xml
desc:	ADiscussionboardfor.NETTechnologies,C#,WebServices,XMLTechnologies.

title:	Dan Bricklin's Web Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHistory%2FPioneers%2FBricklin%2C_Daniel&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bricklin.com%2F
desc:	Picturesoldandnew,comments,andsoftwarehistoryfromtheco-inventorofVisiCalc,thefirstpersonalcomputerspreadsheet.Also,downloadafreecopyofVisicalc.

title:	Allround-PC.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FMedien%2FZeitschriften_und_Online-Magazine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allround-pc.com%2F
desc:	NewsausdenBereichenPC-HardwareundSoftwaresowieProdukttests.

title:	Ability Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ability.com%2F
desc:	Featuresseveralseparatemodules-Write,Spreadsheet,Database,Presentation,PhotopaintandPhotoalbum.Enablesevaluationdownload.[Windows98/ME/NT/2000/XP]

title:	Andrew Consortium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.cmu.edu%2F%7EAUIS%2F
desc:	Offersanextensiblecompounddocumentarchitecturewhichcancreateandcombinefromtexttopicturestographstospreadsheetstofigures,intoasingledocument.[OpenSource]

title:	Kingsoft Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.binarynow.com%2F
desc:	Providesawordprocessor,spreadsheet,photoeditor,andphotoorganizer.Freetrial.

title:	Siag Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsiag.nu%2F
desc:	Afreeofficepackageincludingwordprocessor,spreadsheet,andgraphicsanimator.[Unix]

title:	SoftMaker Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softmaker.com%2Fenglish%2Fof_en.htm
desc:	MicrosoftOfficecompatiblesuitewithwordprocessor,speadsheet,presentationmaker,andmacrolanguage.Overview,detailsoffeatures,andpricing.

title:	ThinkFree Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thinkfree.com%2Fcommon%2Fmain.tfo
desc:	Java-basedwordprocessor,spreadsheet,presentationpackagethatoffersMOfficecompatibility.

title:	CodeGuru 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FProgramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.codeguru.com%2F
desc:	OnlinecommunityforWindowsprogrammers.AcollectionofagrowingfreeMFCcodewithadiscussionforumandsomeextras.

title:	DNJ Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FProgramming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dnjonline.com%2F
desc:	Onlinemagazineforsoftwaredevelopers,managersandarchitectsworkingwiththeMicrosoftWindowsplatform.

title:	Accelebrate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accelebrate.com%2Fvisual-basic-training
desc:	Offersonlinetrainingmaterial.

title:	Aivosto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aivosto.com%2F
desc:	Analyze,documentandflowcharttoolssourcecodesforprofessionalwindowsand.Netdevelopers.

title:	DevASP.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.devasp.net%2Fnet%2Fsearch%2Fdisplay%2Fcategory253.html
desc:	Adirectoryofarticles,sourcecode,knowledgebase,andsamplechapters.

title:	DevCity.NET 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdevcity.net%2F
desc:	Offersarticles,forumsandblogs.

title:	Developer Fusion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.developerfusion.com%2Ft%2Fvb.net%2F
desc:	Offersarticles,tutorials,samplecode,samplechapters,andlinkstorelatedresources.

title:	Programming Microsoft Windows with Microsoft Visual Basic .NET Core Reference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2Fmspress%2Fbooks%2F6259.aspx
desc:	BookbyCharlesPetzoldfromMicrosoftPress.

title:	VB Helper 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vb-helper.com%2F
desc:	Offerstips,tricksandexampleprograms.ItalsooffersaVisualBasic2005Programmer'sReference.

title:	VB.NET Forums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vbdotnetforums.com%2F
desc:	VisualBasic.NETforumanddiscussionarea.

title:	Visual Basic books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visualbasicbooks.com%2F
desc:	ReviewsofVisualBasicandVisualBasic.Netbooksforalllevelsofprogrammers.

title:	Component Object Model - a whatis definition 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FComponent_Frameworks%2FCOM&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwhatis.techtarget.com%2Fdefinition%2F0%2C289893%2Csid9_gci211823%2C00.html
desc:	AdefinitionofCOM.ByTechTarget.com,Inc.

title:	Cresotech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cresotech.com%2F
desc:	Createapersonalstylephotopresentationusingspecialeffects.

title:	Harvard Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harvardgraphics.com%2F
desc:	PresentationsoftwareproductsincludingHarvardGraphicsProPresentations3,HarvardGraphicsChartXL3.0,andHarvardGraphicsInstantCharts.

title:	HumanConcepts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orgplus.com%2F
desc:	MakersofOrgPlusSoftwareforcreatinghumanresourceorganizationalcharts.

title:	MagicPoint 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmember.wide.ad.jp%2Fwg%2Fmgp%2F
desc:	OpensourceX11-basedpresentationtool.Usestexteditortocreatefiles.ViewerforLinux/Unix/MacOSX.

title:	SlidesLive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fslideslive.com%2F
desc:	Enablestorecordandsharepresentations(slides,audio,andvideo),anduploadthemtotheinternet.[MacOS10.7orWindows]

title:	Storyboard Artist Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storyboardartist.com%2F
desc:	Pre-visualizeandpresentyourideasthroughseveralproductiontypesincludingprintouts,animatic-typepresentationwithsound,orexporttoHTMLforwebpresentation.

title:	Symbol Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.symbolgraphics.com%2F
desc:	Letter-Artapplicationsincludebanners,signmaking,autopinstriping,andhighwayMUTCDtrafficcontrol.

title:	TechSmith 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techsmith.com%2F
desc:	TheCamtasiaStudioproductcapturesandeditsimagesofwebsitesordesktopapplicationsforAVImovies.

title:	think-cell Software GmbH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FPresentation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.think-cell.com%2F
desc:	PresentationsoftwaremakescreatingandeditingofprofessionalPowerpointpresentationsquickandeasy.

title:	Bitportal.it - VisualBasic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic_.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitportal.it%2Fvbnet%2Fvisualbasic.html
desc:	ProponeuntutorialperavviareiprimipassiversolacreazionediunsempliceprogettoinVB.NET.

title:	Manuale Visual Basic .Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic_.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morpheusweb.it%2Fhtml%2Fmanuali%2Fvbnet.asp
desc:	UnmanualesuVisualBasic.Net,unodeilinguaggidiprogrammazionedelFrameworkMicrosoft.Ne

title:	PieroTofy.IT - Visual Basic .NET 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic%2FVisual_Basic_.NET&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pierotofy.it%2Fpages%2Fsorgenti%2FVisual_Basic_dotNET%2F
desc:	Codicisorgente,utilityedesempiinVB.NET

title:	AyaNova 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ayanova.com%2F
desc:	Offerscomputerizedworkorder,servicecallmanagement,knowledgebase,andtechnicianjobschedulingsoftware.

title:	BSCW: Basic Support for Cooperative Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpublic.bscw.de%2F
desc:	SimpleWebbasedgroupwaresystem

title:	Doug Englebart Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dougengelbart.org%2F
desc:	DougEngelbartinventedgroupware.What'sheuptonow?

title:	IntraLinks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intralinks.com%2F
desc:	ApplicationserviceproviderthatoffersInternet-basedservicesthatallowcorporationsandinstitutionstomanagebusiness-to-businesscommunication.

title:	Office Tracker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.officetracker.com%2F
desc:	Schedulingsoftwareandofficemanagementsolutionforappointmentschedulingandcalendaringofrooms,meetings,people,facilitiesandresources.Webbasedoptionavailable.

title:	Office.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.office.com%2F
desc:	Web-basedcollaborationsoftwareapplicationprovidingremoteaccesstocalendar,addressbook,email,anddocuments.

title:	OfficeClip 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.officeclip.com%2F
desc:	Offersaddressbook,calendar,bulletinboards,grouplinks,reminders,filesharing,projecttracking,timeandexpensereporting,reservationandschedulingforgroups.

title:	PHONEslips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phoneslips.com%2F
desc:	Officeautomationsoftwarehandlingphonemessages,memos,e-mail,contacts,schedulesandto-dolistsforeveryoneintheoffice.[Commercial,trialversion]

title:	Scalix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scalix.com%2F
desc:	ScalixCollaborationPlatform,anenterprise-classemailandgroupcalendaringsolution.

title:	Sherpa Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sherpasoftware.com%2F
desc:	CompanydevelopsediscoveryandinformationmanagementsoftwareproductsforLotusNotesandMicrosoftExchange.Includes,MailAttender,DatabaseAttenderandDirectoryAttender.

title:	Software Andina, LLC. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softwareandina.com%2F
desc:	Availableforsmalltomidsizebusinesses.Intranet,PaperlessOffice.Allowsforsharedcontactsandcalendars,automatedexpensereportsandtime-offrequests.Fullfreedemoofproductonwebsite.

title:	TeamAgenda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teamsoft.com%2F
desc:	Offersacross-platformgroupschedulerandresourcemanagerforWindowsandMacintosh.Utilizesreal-timecommunicationtocoordinateteamwork,planmeetingsandmanageresources.

title:	Tricostar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tricostar.com%2F
desc:	Contentmanagementandcustomerservicesolutionssuchashelpdesksoftware,naturallanguagesearchengines,andpublishingpersonalizationsuites.

title:	Web Calendar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.utexas.edu%2Fwebcalendar%2F
desc:	Web-basedcalendaringandschedulingsystemforpersonal,group,andcorporateevents.Includesdownload,documentation,andhelp.[Perl,GPL]

title:	Wegabyte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGroupware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wegabyte.com%2F
desc:	WindowsfreewareandsharewareprogramssuchasICQplug-ins,LANtoolskits,Winpopup,Zippi,Lantalk,andmICQ.

title:	Visio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=https%3A%2F%2Fproducts.office.com%2Fen-US%2Fvisio
desc:	Microsoftsoftwareproductforcreatingawidevarietyofbusinessandtechnicaldrawings.Featuresmanybuilt-inshapesandtemplates,aprogrammableAPI,andawideselectionof3rdpartyadd-ons.

title:	AASoftech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aasoftech.com%2F
desc:	AASoftechorganizationchartingproductsprovidesanintuitiveandconcisemethodtocommunicateorganizationalstructuretoExecutives,employeesandseniormanagers.

title:	Altima Technologies Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.altimatech.com%2F
desc:	Datacenterinfrastructuremanagement(DCIM)softwaresolutionwhichhelpstomodel,diagram,designandmanagebothITandFacilityinfrastructure.

title:	Annotate!Pro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fannotatepro.com%2F
desc:	Drawontopofanyprogramrunningonyourdesktop.Communicateeffectivelywithyourcolleagues.Annotatesoyouraudiencecaneffectivelyfollowalongwithyou.

title:	ARIS Express 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ariscommunity.com%2Faris-express
desc:	Freebusinessprocessmanagementsoftware.Easytoinstallandallowsfastmodeling.

title:	Axure RP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.axure.com%2F
desc:	DownloadafreetrialofAxureRP,businessdrawingsoftwareforcreatingmockupsandwireframesofapplicationuserinterfaces.ThiseasytousesoftwaregeneratesHTMLprototypesandfunctionalspecifications.

title:	Balsamiq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbalsamiq.com%2F
desc:	Awireframingandmockuptoolwithahighfocusonusability.Quicklycomeupwithmockupsandeasilysharethemwithclients.

title:	BreezeTree Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.breezetree.com%2Fflowcharting-software%2F
desc:	Flowchart,businessprocessmapping,andvaluestreammappingsoftwarethatletsuserscreatediagramsbyautomaticallyconvertingtextentriesintodrawingsymbols.IntegratesfullyinMicrosoftExcel.

title:	Charten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.charten.com%2F
desc:	Productivitysoftwaretodrawcharts.Includescomprehensivetoolstomastercolors.

title:	ConceptDraw 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.conceptdraw.com%2F
desc:	Softwareisacross-platformflowchartingtoolwithextendedHTMLcapabilities.Itcontains1700pre-createdobjectsandmanytemplates,availableforPCandMacintosh.

title:	Creately 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcreately.com%2F
desc:	Createlyisacollaborativediagrammingapplicationbuiltforprojectteams.SupportmanybusinessdiagramtypesincludingFlowcharts,GanttchartsandUMLdiagrams

title:	Creative Stars Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pagefocus.com%2F
desc:	MakersofPagefocus,forcreatingbrochures,forms,documents,graphsandlablels.Includesform-fillerprogramandfreeviewer.

title:	Diagramly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diagram.ly%2F
desc:	Diagramlyisafreeonlinediagrammingapplicationthatallowsyoutocreateandexportmanycommondiagramtypes.

title:	DiagramStudio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diagramstudio.com%2F
desc:	DiagramStudio(DS)isapowerfulapplicationforcreatingprofessional-lookingbusiness,technicaldrawingsandillustrationsforyourdocumentsquicklyandeasily.

title:	Edraw 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edrawsoft.com%2F
desc:	Createcharts,graphics,diagrams,scientificillustrationsandmapsinvariousfieldsandtype.

title:	Flowchart.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flowchart.com%2F
desc:	Flowchart.comisanOnlineRealtime,MultiuserFlowchartsoftware.CreateyourchartandsaveasPDF/PNGfiles.EmbedyourflowchartinyoursitewithfullcollaborationorRead-only.

title:	ForeUI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foreui.com%2F
desc:	ForeUIisahandyUIprototypingtooltoquicklycreatemock-upsortoperformusabilitytestingbeforereleasingthebetaversion.

title:	Gliffy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gliffy.com%2F
desc:	Gliffy.comisaweb-baseddiagrameditor.Createandshareflowcharts,networkdiagrams,floorplans,userinterfacedesignsandotherdrawingsonline.

title:	Graham Process Mapping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.processchart.com%2F
desc:	Processmappingsoftwareforunderstanding,improvingandmanagingbusinessprocesses.

title:	Grapholite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgrapholite.com%2F
desc:	Grapholiteonlineanddesktopdiagrammingsolutionfordesigningflowcharts,organizationalcharts,mindmaps,Venncharts,databasestructures,web-sitestructuresetc.

title:	Iconico Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Ficonico.com%2F
desc:	Softwaretoolsformakingonscreenmeasurements,includingcalipers,compass,protractor,andtracingpaper.

title:	iGrafx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.igrafx.com%2F
desc:	Diagrammingsoftwaretoolsfororganizationcharts,networkdiagrams,andflowchartsforbusinessprocessmanagement.

title:	iPlotz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iplotz.com%2F
desc:	Iplotzoffersaweb-basedapplicationforwireframing,mockups,andprototypingofwebsitesandapplications.

title:	KIDASA Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ganttchart.com%2F
desc:	MakersofMilestonesEtc.fordrawingGanttchartsandtimelines.

title:	Lovely Charts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lovelycharts.com%2F
desc:	LovelychartsisadiagrammingapplicationthatsupportsdrawingofmanydiagramtypesincludingFlowcharts,organizationchartsandmockups.

title:	Mockup Tiger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mockuptiger.com%2F
desc:	MockupTigerhelpsyoubuildwireframes,mockupsandprototypes.ItisveryuniquewebbasedRapidprototypingapplication.ProvidesscalablelibraryofvectorIconsandpowerfulTextwidgets.

title:	OmniGraffle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omnigroup.com%2Fapplications%2Fomnigraffle%2F
desc:	Diagramming,charting,andvisualizationsoftwareforMacOSX.Importandexporttomanyformats;automatic,assisted,andmanuallayout.

title:	OrgPlus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orgplus.com%2F
desc:	Organizationchartandhumanresourcemanagementchartsoftware.

title:	Patton & Patton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.patton-patton.com%2F
desc:	MakersofFlowChartingPDQ,aWindowsflowchartingprogram.

title:	Pidoco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpidoco.com%2F
desc:	Easy-to-usebusinessdrawingsoftwareforcreatingmockups,click-ablewire-framesandGUIprototypeswithoutprogramming.Includesreal-timecollaborationandspecificationexport.

title:	PowerMockup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.powermockup.com%2F
desc:	APowerPointadd-infordrawingwireframes/mockupsofwebanddesktopapplications.

title:	Professional Traffic Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trafficgraphics.com%2F
desc:	CreatehighwayandroadwaytrafficrelateddiagramsbasedontheMUTCD.Drawtrafficcontrolplans,accidentsites,safetytrainingpictures.

title:	Schematic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypergraphics.co.uk%2FSchematic.shtml
desc:	AschematicdiagrammingtoolforcreatingUML,networkandelectricaldiagramsorcreatingalibraryofyourownobjects,availableasafreetrial.

title:	SmartDraw 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smartdraw.com%2F
desc:	Windows-basedprogramfordrawingflowcharts,organizationcharts,networks,webgraphics,andbusinesspresentations.Downloads,news,andreviews.

title:	Software Illustrated 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softill.com%2F
desc:	MappingsoftwarethatworksinsideMicrosoftExcel.Offerszipcoderelatedmaps.

title:	TaskMap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taskmap.com%2F
desc:	ProviderofVisio-basedsimpletousedrawingsoftwareforcreatingprocessmaps.Idealforcreatingandimprovingprocesses.

title:	Tom's Planner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tomsplanner.com%2F
desc:	Tom'sPlannerallowsyoutocreateandshareprojectplansonlinewith"draganddrop"simplicity.Youcanpublishyourschedulesonline&collaborateonthemwithateam.

title:	Visimation Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visimation.com%2F
desc:	ProviderofVisioautomationsolutionsandVisiotraining.

title:	WireframeSketcher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness_Drawing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwireframesketcher.com%2F
desc:	Eclipsepluginforcreatingwireframes,screenmockupsandUIprototypes.

title:	About.com on Databases 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdatabases.about.com%2F
desc:	Articles,discussionforumandlinkscoveringavarietyofdatabaseproducts.

title:	Alpha Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alphasoftware.com%2F
desc:	ProducesdatabaseproductsforWindowsandDOSoperatingsystems.

title:	Awaresoft Pty Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.awareim.com%2F
desc:	AwareIMisanapplicationplatformthatallowsbusinesspeopletocreatewebdatabaseapplicationswithouttheknowledgeofprogramminganddatabasedesign.

title:	CA: Database Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ca.com%2Fus%2Fdatabase-management.aspx
desc:	Solutionsfordatabaseadministration,performancemanagementandbackupandrecovery.

title:	Cardett Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cardett.co.nz%2F
desc:	AdvancedQueryToolisdesignedfordatabasedevelopersandDBAswithparticularfeaturesforDB2,Oracle,Sybase,MSSQLServer.

title:	Data Harmony, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dataharmony.com%2F
desc:	Atextbaseddatabasecompanyprovidingsoftwareandtechnicalsupportforsmallandlargebusinessneeds.

title:	Database Administration and Scripts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tc.umn.edu%2F%7Ehause011%2F
desc:	DBAscriptsandarticlesonInformix,OracleandERPsoftwaresuchasSAP,Baan,andPeoplesoft.

title:	DigerTech - DtSQL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dtsql.com%2F
desc:	Universaldatabasetooltocreate,alter,browseandsearchdatabaseobjects,executeSQLscriptsandedittables.

title:	Dynamic Information Systems Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.disc.com%2F
desc:	DISCmakesOMNIDEX,advancedindexingsoftwaretoobtaindataagilityfordatawarehousing,OLTPandwebapplications.

title:	FairCom Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.faircom.com%2F
desc:	Crossplatformdatabasesolutions.

title:	FreeTDS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetds.org%2F
desc:	LibrariesforLinuxandUnixthatimplementtheTabularDataStreamprotocolusedbySyBaseandMicrosoftSQLServer.[LGPL]

title:	Hill Croft Information Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hcit.co.uk%2F
desc:	DevelopersofODBCdriversandotherutilitiesforDataEasedatabases.

title:	Innovative Routines International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iri.com%2F
desc:	VendorofCoSORT(UnixandWindowsNTsortsoftware),netCONVERT(cross-platformfileanddatatranslation),andx-PRESS(cross-platformdatacompression).

title:	Innovative Systems Techniques 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insytenet.com%2F
desc:	InsytedesignsdatabasemanagementanddecisionsupportsystemsusingVision,ourobject-orienteddatabasetechnology.

title:	Lazy Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lazysoft.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsanddistributesSentences,thefirstdatabasemanagementsystembasedontheAssociativeModelofData.

title:	McObject 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcobject.com%2F
desc:	OfferseXtremeDB,anin-memoryandon-diskembeddeddatabasesystemforreal-timeandembeddedapplications;andPerst,anopensource,object-orientedembeddeddatabasesystemforJavaand.NETapplications.

title:	NewsNow Database Theme 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newsnow.co.uk%2Fnewsfeed%2F%3Fname%3DDatabases
desc:	A24-hourdatabase-specificnewsfeedaggregatingbreakingnewsheadlinesfromovertwentyoftheWeb'smostprestigioussites.SourcesincludeCNET,TechWeb,Wired,TheRegister,Slashdot,Silicon.com,InfoWorld,andPCWeek.NewsNowupdateseveryfiveminutes,everyday.

title:	Ocelot's Full SQL DBMS for Windows 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ocelot.ca%2F
desc:	Downloadthecompletepackage(libraries,documentation,exampleprograms)useablewithWindows95/98orWindowsNTwithODBC3interface.

title:	Open Source Database Benchmark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fosdb.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Afree,opensource,performancebenchmarkforprivatetestingofrelationaldatabasesystems.TestsarewrittenintheClanguageusingGNUtools.

title:	OpenLink Virtuoso 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.openlinksw.com%2Fvirtuoso%2F
desc:	High-performanceandcompactDBMSserverwithsupportforSQL-92,ODBC,JDBC,UDBC,SAX,DOM,andXML.

title:	Pervasive Software, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pervasive.com%2F
desc:	Suppliesapplicationbuildersanddeveloperswithembeddeddatabaseproducts(ODBC,SQL,client-server)withhighperformance,smallfootprintdatabaseengines.

title:	Raima Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.raima.com%2F
desc:	Providerofenablingsoftwareforcompaniesoperatingintheembeddedandwirelessmarketplace.

title:	SAS Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sas.com%2F
desc:	Integratedsuiteofinformationdeliverysoftwareforbusinessdecisionmakingincludingbalancedscorecard,datawarehousing,datamining,financialconsolidation,knowledgemanagementandWebenablement.

title:	SoftTree Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softtreetech.com%2F
desc:	Offerstaskschedulingtoolsforthemajordatabaseservers.

title:	Spectral Core GmbH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spectralcore.com%2F
desc:	Offersdatabaseconversion,comparison,synchronization,managementanddocumentationtools.Mostpopulardatabasesarefullysupported.

title:	Toolbox for IT: Database Community 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdatabase.ittoolbox.com%2F
desc:	Offersforumsfortechnicaldiscussion,anintegrateddirectory,whitepapersanddailynewsgearedtowardsdatabaseprofessionalsandusersofdatabaseproducts.

title:	UCO-Wisql 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucolick.org%2F%7Ede%2Ftcl_syb%2Fwisql.html
desc:	Wisql,byTomPoindexter,isanX11versionofisql(Windowing-ISQL)whichgivesyouaSQLqueryeditingwindow,aresultswindow,andalotofmenusandbuttons.

title:	Valentina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvalentina-db.com%2F
desc:	Object-relationalcross-platformdatabaseenginebyParadigmaSoftware.

title:	Vitaliy Levchenko Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vlsoftware.net%2F
desc:	Datamanipulationandreportingsoftware.Allowstoview,edit,print,sort,filter,export,import,convert,search,replacethedata.

title:	Werysoft Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.werysoft.com%2F
desc:	SQLquerytool,SQLeditoranddatabasedevelopmenttoolforSQLServer,Oracle,Sybase,andSQLAnywhere.

title:	XTG Data Modeller 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xtgsystems.com%2F
desc:	VisualCASEtoolfordatastructuremodelling,reverseengineeringofthedatabase,generationofSQLscripts,andHTMLdocumentationofthemodel.

title:	Zoot Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FDatabases&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zootsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Amultipledatabasestoragemodelandprovidesabrowser-likeinterface.Featuresanumberofbuilt-indatabases.

title:	StarOffice 6.0 Office Suite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FStarOffice&url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.oracle.com%2Fcd%2FE19064-01%2Fso6%2Findex.html
desc:	PDFguidesarchivedonOracle.

title:	The StarOffice User Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FStarOffice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.staroffice.com%2F
desc:	Offersdownloadsandinformationabouttheoriginalsoftware.Premiumversionsavailableasupgradesfromthelegacy,version6,ofthesoftware.

title:	Apache OpenOffice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.openoffice.org%2F
desc:	Amultiplatformandmultilingualofficesuiteandanopen-sourceproject.Compatiblewithallothermajorofficesuites,freetodownload,use,anddistribute.

title:	Active Projects and Leads 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprojects.openoffice.org%2F
desc:	ListssomeofthemainprojectsofOpenOffice.orgcategorizedbyfunction.

title:	Apache OpenOffice Extensions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fextensions.openoffice.org%2F
desc:	Communityrepositoryforthirdpartytemplates,macros,andaclipartimagelibrary.

title:	Application Programming Interface (API) Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fapi.openoffice.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesanentrypointintheworldofOOofromadevelopersperspective.

title:	Mirrors Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdistribution.openoffice.org%2Fmirrors%2F
desc:	CoordinatesthelistingofthosesitesthathostOpenOffice.orgsoftware.Includesamissionstatement,settingupamirror,masterrsyncservers,instructions,anddirectorystructure,andlistofextendedmirrorsites.

title:	OpenOffice Documentation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdocumentation.openoffice.org%2F
desc:	Createsandmaintainsdocumentationwithuserguides,how-to's,setupguides,articles,reviews,andotherrelatedmaterials.

title:	OpenOffice.org Ninja 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oooninja.com%2F
desc:	Previews,reviews,tutorialsandlatestnews.

title:	OpenOffice.org vs. LibreOffice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoworld.com%2Fd%2Fapplications%2Fopen-office-dilemma-openofficeorg-vs-libreoffice-716
desc:	Providesacomparisonbetweentwoofficesuites,OpenOffice.organdLibreOffice.

title:	OpenOffice.org wiki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwiki.services.openoffice.org%2Fwiki%2FMain_Page
desc:	Focusedonallassociatedprojectswithresourcesfordevelopers.

title:	The Apache Software Foundation Statement on Apache OpenOffice.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblogs.apache.org%2Ffoundation%2Fentry%2Fthe_apache_software_foundation_statement
desc:	OfficialblogpostdetailingthedonationoftheOOocodebasetotheApacheSoftwareFoundation,anddescribingthenewdevelopmentmodelfortheproduct.

title:	The LXF Test: OpenOffice.org 3.0 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linuxformat.com%2Fcontent%2Flxf-test-openofficeorg-30%3Fop%3Dmodload%26name%3DNews%26file%3Darticle%26sid%3D751
desc:	NeilBothwickpicksapartOOo3.0'snewfeatures,findingoutwhetheritdeservesamajorversionnumberbumpandfinallysortsouttheperformancewoes.

title:	OpenOffice.org 2.0 Announcement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites%2FOpenOffice.org&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.openoffice.org%2Fpress%2F2.0%2Fpress_release.html
desc:	Officialpressreleaseannouncingthelaunchofversion2.0oftheofficesuite.

title:	Bellanca, Salvatore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salvatore.bellanca.name%2F
desc:	Introduzione,concettidibaseeconfigurazionedell'areadilavoro.

title:	Luca Libertino 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fxoomer.virgilio.it%2Flucalibertino%2F
desc:	ProponecodicesorgenteinVisualBasic5.0e6.0.

title:	Luigimicco.altervista.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luigimicco.altervista.org%2F
desc:	ProponeclassipercreareeanalizzaredocumentiPdfsenzautilizzaresoftwarediterzeparti.

title:	Mauro Visual Basic Homepage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maurorossi.net%2F
desc:	Proponecodicisorgentieprogrammidiliberadistribuzione.

title:	Mr.Webmaster: Guida a Visual Basic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrwebmaster.it%2Fvisual-basic%2Fguide%2Fguida-visual-basic_15%2F
desc:	Introduzioneallinguaggioeall'ambientedisviluppo.

title:	PieroTofy.it 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FProgrammazione%2FVisual_Basic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pierotofy.it%2Fpages%2Fsorgenti%2FVisual_Basic%2F
desc:	Proponecodicisorgenti,programmiedesempi.

title:	Sun Microsystems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sun.com%2F
desc:	Providesnewsandwebcastsfromthecompany,downloadablesoftware,andresourcesfordevelopers,serviceproviders,systemadministrators,CIOs,andinvestors.

title:	Wikipedia: Sun Microsystems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSun_Microsystems
desc:	Encyclopediaarticleaboutthecomputercompany,includinghistoryanddetailsoftheirsoftwareandhardwareportfolios.

title:	Corel Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FCorel_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corel.com%2F
desc:	Developerofgraphics,web,desktoppublishing,photo-editingandbusinesssoftware.Includescorporateinformationanddetailsofproductsavailable.

title:	Corel Down Under Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FCorel_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coreldownunder.org.au%2F
desc:	IndependentUsergroupbasedinMelbourne,Australia.Detailsofmeetings,resources,andabi-monthlymagazine.

title:	Wikipedia: Corel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCompanies%2FCorel_Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FCorel
desc:	Encyclopediaarticle,withahistoryofthecompany,anddetailsofpastandpresentproducts.

title:	3Wire Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3wiresystems.com%2F
desc:	OfferstechnologysolutionsfeaturingSun,Supermicro,CiscoandRAID/IPSANswithbankdirectleasingandglobalmaintenanceoptions.

title:	Acclinet Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acclinet.com%2F
desc:	IntegratorsofSunequipment,offeringaselectionofusedandrefurbishedmodelsandparts.LocatedinNewHampshire.

title:	AnySystem.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anysystem.com%2F
desc:	SellsaselectionofrefurbishedSunMicrosystemsproductsincludingUltraSparcworkstations,SparcStations,andEnterpriseservers,monitors,adapters,storage,andparts.

title:	Business Systems International Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-business.com%2F
desc:	SupplierofSunsystems,specialistperipheralsandSolarissoftware,aswellasOracleandVeritas.

title:	Carlo Gavazzi Computing Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gavazzi-computing.com%2F
desc:	DesignsandmanufacturesawiderangeofmultiportsynchronousandasynchronousmultiportserialcontrollersforSunSolaris.

title:	Corporate Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cptech.com%2F
desc:	Providesservicestoclientsthroughtheapplicationoftechnologieslikebusinessintelligence,dataintegrationandmanagement,enterpriseandcloudcomputing.

title:	Data Master International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dm-int.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturesandmarketsSunMicroelectronicsSPARCbasedcomputingsystems.

title:	Dynamic Systems: GovStor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynamicsystemsinc.com%2Fgovstor%2F
desc:	ServesStateofCaliforniaaccountsbyofferingthefullSunMicrosystemslineunderCMAScontractaswellasStorageTek,VeritasSoftwareandExtremeNetworks.

title:	G-2 Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g-2systems.com%2F
desc:	IndependentresellerofrefurbishedSunMicrosystemshardwareandperipherals.Listscurrentspecialpricingonworkstations,servers,storageandupgrades.

title:	GetITnew.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.getitnew.com%2F
desc:	OffersequipmentfromSunMicrosystemsandroutinggearfromNortelandCisco.

title:	High Performance Computing Virtual Laboratory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hpcvl.org%2F
desc:	HPCVLwasformedbyaconsortiumoffouruniversitieslocatedinEasternOntario,Canada,tosupportinnovativeresearchinabroadspectrumofdisciplines.ASunCentreofExcellencesite.

title:	Manucomp Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.manucomp.com%2F
desc:	ResellersofSunMicrosystemshardwareandsolutionsincludingproductsfromworkstationstoEnterpriseClassserversandstorage.

title:	MCA Computer Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcac.com%2F
desc:	USA-basedresellerofnewandrefurbishedSunworkstations,servers,memory,optionsandparts.AlsooffersSGIequipment.

title:	MemoryX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.memoryxsun.com%2F
desc:	SellsSunsystems,components,peripherals,memory,andaccessories,withonlineshopping.

title:	MTI Group Corp. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtigroupcorp.com%2F
desc:	IndependentresellerofSunMicrosystemsandCiscoSystems,providingnewandrefurbishedSunservers,workstations,Ciscorouters,switchesandnetworkhardwareandperipherals.

title:	OSIAH - Online Sun Information ArcHive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sunstuff.org%2F
desc:	AcollectionofinformationandpicturesrelatingtohardwareandsoftwarefromSunMicrosystemsandfriends.

title:	Prism Microsystems Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prism.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesintegratedcomputingsolutionsfocussedonhealthcareandpharmaceuticalmarkets.CorebusinessisdesignandsupportofRadiationTherapyTreatmentplanningsolutions.

title:	Proact 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tech.proact.co.uk%2F
desc:	Independentstorageintegratorandcloudservicesenabler.

title:	Q Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qassociates.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKSunMicrosystemsresellerforstorageareanetworks,systems,workstationsandservers.

title:	Radiant Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radiantresources.com%2F
desc:	ResellerofrefurbishedSunMicrosystem'scomputers,includingservers,workstations,memory,disks,monitors,software,storagearrays,networkingcomponentsandotherperipherals.

title:	Recurrent Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.recurrent.com%2F
desc:	TradesinrefurbishedSun,CobaltandCiscosystemsandperipherals,andprovidessamplelistsofgoodsavailableforsale.

title:	Sandyx Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandyxsystems.co.uk%2F
desc:	AUKconsultancyspecializinginUNIX,Solaris,Oracle,Ingres,datastorageandoutsourcing.Includesinformationaboutproducts,supportandtraining.

title:	Solar Systems and Peripherals, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarsystems.com%2F
desc:	Carriesinventoryofpreviously-ownedSunhardwarebothusedandunused,alltestedandaccompaniedbyfullwarranties.Alsooffersrentalarrangementsandbuysusedequipmentaswell.

title:	Solaris Intel Platform Frequently-asked Questions (FAQ) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sun.drydog.com%2Ffaq%2F
desc:	ConcernssetupanduseofSolarisrunningonIntelHardware

title:	Stantive Technologies Group Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stantive.com%2F
desc:	OffersITconsultingservices,on-demandapplicationsolutionsandon-premiseITproducts.Includescompanyprofile,careers,andpressreleases.

title:	Stokely Consulting - Unix Serial Port Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stokely.com%2Funix.serial.port.resources%2FA-B-Ycablepinout.html
desc:	TechnicalinformationwithpinoutdataofvariousserialportsandsplittercablesusedinSun'sdesigns.

title:	Sun Disk Supply Center (SDSC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sundisks.com%2F
desc:	AresellerofnewandusedoriginaldiskdrivesandstorageforSunequipment,intheUSA.

title:	SunHELP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sunhelp.org%2F
desc:	AnindependentresourceforinformationrelatingtoSunMicrosystemsproductsandoperatingsystems,includinglinkstocurrentnewsarticles,forums,vendors,andsupport.

title:	Virtual Technology, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FSun&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtualtechnology.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinthesale,leaseorrentalofSuncomputerequipment.

title:	Sun Microsystems Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FEducation%2FCertification%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sun.com%2Ftraining%2F
desc:	OverviewofJava,Solaris,NetworkAdministration,Security,Web-basedtraining,educationalconsulting,andITcertificationclassesandprograms.

title:	ExitCertified - Authorized Sun Education Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FEducation%2FCertification%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exitcertified.com%2F
desc:	OffersJava,Solaristraining,networkadministration,web-basedtraining,andeducationalconsulting.

title:	Solaris 8 Certification Practice Exams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FEducation%2FCertification%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unixporting.com%2Fsolaris_exam
desc:	Offers310-011and310-012testquestions.

title:	Solaris certification exams and training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FEducation%2FCertification%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unixed.com%2F
desc:	Solariscertificationexamsandtraining

title:	Whizlabs Java certification practice exams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FEducation%2FCertification%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whizlabs.com%2F
desc:	OfferspracticeexamsforJavacertification

title:	About.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhoto_Paint&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgraphicssoft.about.com%2Fod%2Fcoreldrawsuitedownloads%2Fss%2Fcppbrushes01.htm
desc:	FreePhoto-Paintbrushnibsfordownload.

title:	Allexperts PhotoPaint 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhoto_Paint&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allexperts.com%2Fbrowse.cgi%3FcatLvl%3D3%26catID%3D1031
desc:	VolunteerexpertsanswerdetailedquestionsaboutCorelPhoto-Paintforfree.

title:	Corel PHOTO-PAINT     Scripts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhoto_Paint&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oberonplace.com%2Fdraw%2Fpaintscripts%2Findex.htm
desc:	Originalanimationandusers'scripts.

title:	Click N Learn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FCorelDraw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clicknlearn.com%2F
desc:	CorelDrawinsightbyClickNLearnrevealsthemostadvancedformoflearningcoreldrawintheworld.Learncoreldrawsecretsfromourfreeaudiovisualdownloadfiles.

title:	CoCUT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FCorelDraw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cocut.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareavailablefromEurosystemswhichallowsCorelDrawtoactasasign-makingtool.

title:	CorelDRAW Graphics Suite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FCorelDraw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corel.com%2F
desc:	Graphicdesignandillustrationsoftware.

title:	Oberon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FCorelDraw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oberonplace.com%2F
desc:	SitemainlydevotedtoscriptingandautomationofCorelgraphicsapplications:CorelDrawandPhoto-Paint.

title:	Square One Graphics & Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FCorelDraw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.squareonegraphics.com%2F
desc:	ThissiteisdesignedtosupporttheseriousCorelusersfromaroundtheworld.ItoffersOn-LinetechnicalsupporttoCorelusersinneedofimmediatesupport.

title:	Corel Painter X 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter&url=http%3A%2F%2Fapps.corel.com%2Fpainterix%2F
desc:	Officialsite.Includesproductoverview,detailsofeducationandtraining,galleries,andafreetrialdownload.

title:	Cher Threinen-Pendarvis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pendarvis-studios.com%2F
desc:	Digitalartistandauthor.Includesarticles,brushes,textures,andartgalleries.

title:	deviantART: Painter Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbrowse.deviantart.com%2Fresources%2Fapplications%2Fpainter%2F%3Forder%3D9%26alltime%3Dyes
desc:	Offersbrushes,documentation,swatches,andotherapplicationresources.

title:	Imagine 3D 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alansuel.com%2Fc%2Fmore.htm
desc:	Pattern,paperandnozzledownloads,tutorials,andartbyAlanSuel.

title:	Marc Whittmore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newdream.net%2F%7Ejusdo8%2Fzozzles%2Fnozzles.html
desc:	PainterNozzlesofafewcreepycrawlers.

title:	Painter Creativity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paintercreativity.com%2F
desc:	Handbookauthorprovidesarticles,tutorialsanddownloads,aswellasamasterforumandgallery.

title:	Tlbtlb.com: Downloads 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftlbtlb.com%2Flinks%2Findex.html
desc:	Downloadsforwatercolorbrushes.

title:	Sun Is Currently Distributing the 2.4 Kernel under the GPL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FSCO%2FBoycott%2C_Lawsuits%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fradio-weblogs.com%2F0120124%2F2003%2F07%2F29.html
desc:	SunconsidersofferingtheirownLinuxversion,andindemnifyingcustomersbasedonSunlicensewithSCO.[Groklaw]

title:	Sun Comes out from behind the Clouds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FSCO%2FBoycott%2C_Lawsuits%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fradio-weblogs.com%2F0120124%2F2003%2F07%2F10.html
desc:	Sunis2ndSCOlicensee;pact,signedearly2003,expandsSun's1994rightstouseUnixinSolarisOS;SCOalsograntedwarranttobuyupto210,000sharesSCOstock,$1.83ashareaspartofdeal,accordingtoregulatorydocument.[Groklaw]

title:	Sun Expands Unix Deal with SCO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FSCO%2FBoycott%2C_Lawsuits%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.cnet.com%2F2100-1016-1024633.html
desc:	PreviouslysecretlicenseeofSCOUnixintellectualpropertyhasrevealeditsidentity:UnixleaderSunMicrosystems.SunactuallywasfirstfirmtosignwithSCO,beforeMicrosoft.[CNETNews.com]

title:	Sun Sees Opportunity in IBM-SCO Showdown 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FSCO%2FBoycott%2C_Lawsuits%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eweek.com%2Fc%2Fa%2FLinux-and-Open-Source%2FSun-Sees-Opportunity-in-IBMSCO-Showdown%2F
desc:	SunMicrosystemsrediesAIXtoSolarisMigrationProgramtoharvestpossiblecustomersfromloomingbattlebetweenSCOandIBMoverIBMAIXlicense,itsUnixOS;mandated100-daylicensenoticeperiodendsFriday.[eWeek]

title:	Sun Confirms IP Rights for All Versions of its Unix Operating Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FSCO%2FBoycott%2C_Lawsuits%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Flinuxtoday.com%2Finfrastructure%2F2003030800826PRLL
desc:	InlightofSCOlegaldisputewithIBMoverUnixlicensingrights,SunannouncedithasabsolutelynolicensingissueswithSCOtoday.Briefstory,somelinks,severalforumcomments.[LinuxToday]

title:	The Solaris Trap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FSCO%2FBoycott%2C_Lawsuits%2FSun_Microsystems&url=http%3A%2F%2Flwn.net%2F1999%2Ffeatures%2FSolaris.php3
desc:	SuntoreleasesourcecodetoSolaris,proprietaryUnix,underSunCommunitySourceLicense.Thisposesathreat:itcreatestemptationtoincludenon-freecodeintopartsofLinux;couldopenLinuxlongcripplingseriesofintellectualpropertyfights,lawsuits.[LWN:LinuxWeeklyNews]

title:	Sun Microsystems, Inc.: UltraSPARC Processors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FComponents%2FProcessors%2FSPARC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sun.com%2Fprocessors%2F
desc:	MicroprocessorsfromSunMicroelectronicsdivision.Widerangeofpowerfulprocessors,canbedirectlyincorporatedintocustomdesigns.

title:	SPARC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FComponents%2FProcessors%2FSPARC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSPARC
desc:	Growingarticle,withlinkstomanyrelatedtopics.[Wikipedia]

title:	SPARC Assembly Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FComponents%2FProcessors%2FSPARC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.clemson.edu%2F%7Emark%2Fsparc_assembly.html
desc:	NotesfromcourseonSPARCASM,forlearningthearchitectureandwritingprogramsforit;byMarkSmotherman,computerscienceprofessor,ClemsonUniversity.

title:	SPARC International, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FComponents%2FProcessors%2FSPARC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sparc.org%2F
desc:	Memberfundedorganization,founded1988.OwnsallScalableProcessorARChitecturetrademarks,providestrademarkuseandregistrations,compliancetesting,brandingandgeneralinformationservicestotheSPARCcommunity,listsallcertifiedproducts,registeredtrademarks,newsreleases,membercompanyprofiles.

title:	Joules Unlimited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joulesunlimited.nl%2F
desc:	OntwikkelingvantoepassingenbinnenMicrosoftOfficeenOpenOffice.orgmetbetrekkingtotopmaak,mailingsenarchivering.

title:	Nou&Off 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FOffice_Suites&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nouenoff.nl%2F
desc:	AdviesenondersteuningvanopensourceOfficesoftware.

title:	SPARC Product Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FComponents%2FProcessors%2FSPARC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sparcproductdirectory.com%2F
desc:	FindSPARCcompatiblesystemmanufacturers,products,resellers,relatedinformation.Updateddaily.

title:	Alien Skin Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alienskin.com%2F
desc:	Developersofappsandprogramsforphotographersandgraphicdesigners,includingExposure,astandalonefilmsimulationprogramalsoavailableasaplug-inforPhotoshop,Lightroom,andEyeCandy.

title:	DC Plugin Filters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmath.net%2Fdc%2F
desc:	DCspecialpluginfiltersworkwithvariousgraphicsapplications.Highlyprizedcollection,sixyearsinthemaking,includesvariousTileTools,LayerFX,andevensomePsychedelics.

title:	Flaming Pear 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flamingpear.com%2F
desc:	Developerofhigh-endfiltersasSuperBladePro,Flood,LunarCell,DesignerSextet,Melancholytron,LacquerandothersforPaintShopPro.

title:	Harry's Filters - The Plugin Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thepluginsite.com%2Fproducts%2Fharrysfilters%2Findex.htm
desc:	Collectionof55pluginsdesignedforPaintShopProandothercompatibleapplications.Setincludescolorandglasseffects,colorgradienteffects,filtersforencryptinganddecryptingimages,atmospherizerandcolorcocktaileffects,patterneffects,andaquadrantflipeffect.

title:	HumanSoftware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humansoftware.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofgraphicpluginsforPhotoshop,PaintShopPro,PhotoPaint,andadditionalgraphicsoftware,coveringmasking,colorcorrection,texteffect,textures,digitalpainting,andimagedeformation.

title:	NVR Bordermania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pluginfilters.com%2Fbordermania%2Findex.html
desc:	FreepluginfiltersforPaintShopProthatwillcreatebasicborders.Installationhelponsite.Linkstootherfreefilters.

title:	Redfield Plugins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redfieldplugins.com%2F
desc:	Mesh3Disanettingseffectdesignerand,Jama3Dwillcreatecorrugatedandcellularlikepatternsfrom2Dimages.Jama2000isapowerfulpatternandtexturegenerator.LatticeComposerisagridsandnettingseffectdesigner.

title:	Alien Skin Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alienskin.com%2F
desc:	Developersofappsandprogramsforphotographersandgraphicdesigners,includingExposure,astandalonefilmsimulationprogramalsoavailableasaplug-inforPhotoshop,Lightroom,andEyeCandy.

title:	AlphaPlugins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alphaplugins.com%2F
desc:	Originalplug-inswithspecialeffectsandfilters.

title:	Antelligent MicroSystems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antelligent.com%2F
desc:	CreatorofColorDarkroom,colorcalibrationsoftwareandAdobePhotoshopplugins.

title:	Auto FX Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autofx.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofpluginsincludingPhoto/GraphicEdges,MysticalLighting,MysticalTintToneandColor,AutoEye,andDreamsuiteSeries.

title:	AV Bros. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avbros.com%2F
desc:	Developersofrealisticplug-insforAdobePhotoShopandothercompatibleimageeditingprograms.

title:	Camera Bits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.camerabits.com%2F
desc:	CompatiblepluginsforusewithPhotoshopthatwillremovecolornoisefromdigitalcameraimages.

title:	CGSD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cgsd.com%2Ftexture%2Ftools.html
desc:	OfferingasetofPhotoshopcompatibletexturemakingtools.

title:	Colleen's Photoshop Plug-in Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpw1.netcom.com%2F%7Ekawahara%2Fphotoshop.html
desc:	FunPackisMacintoshcharity-warepluginsetforcolorcorrection,maskingandblureffects.

title:	Cybia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cybia.co.uk%2F
desc:	LotsofPhotoshopgoodies,includingplug-ins,actions,texturesandbrushes.

title:	DC Special Plugin Filters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmath.net%2Fdc%2F
desc:	FreewarespecialeffectsandlayeringfiltersforAdobePhotoshop,PaintShopPro,andothercompatiblegraphicprograms.

title:	Diaquest Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diaquest.com%2F
desc:	Apluginforvideocapturefordigitaldiskrecorders.

title:	Diard Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diardsoftware.com%2F
desc:	UniverseImageCreatorpluginallowsyoutocreaterealisticimagesofdeepspaceinanyimageeditingprogramthatsupportsPhotoshopplugins.

title:	DVP Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dvp.co.il%2F
desc:	EyeFidelityToolsincludethemoirefilter,graininessfilterandJPEGfilter.

title:	Filter Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kees.cc%2Fffarm%2Fffarm.html
desc:	Freewarepluginthatcreatescolorfulnoiseeffectsaccordingtorandomalgorithms.

title:	Filter Forge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffilterforge.com%2F
desc:	Apluginthatallowsuserstobuildcustomfilters(suchasseamlesstextures,visualeffects,distortions,patternsandframes)usingavisualeditorandafreeonlinelibrary.

title:	FilterMeister 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.filtermeister.com%2F
desc:	Sixpluginswithvariouseffects,andtheFilterMeisterpluginforcreatingfilters.

title:	Flaming Pear Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flamingpear.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturerofBladePro,SuperBladePro,Flood,Lunarcell,HueandCry,Lacquerandotherplugins.

title:	Free Filters design.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edesign.com%2Ffilters%2F
desc:	TwooriginalPhotoshopplug-infilters:EliminateWhiteandGridCreatorFilter.

title:	Frischluft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frischluft.com%2F
desc:	flAIRisasetofeightfasthighqualityfiltersforAdobePhotoshop.

title:	Grafnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grafnet.com.pl%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationandlinkstopluginsforPhotoshop.

title:	Human Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humansoftware.com%2F
desc:	MakerofTextissimo,Photospray,Squizzandotherpluginsfortexteffects,digitalpainting,andimagedeformation.

title:	Imagiam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imagiam.com%2F
desc:	ImagingsoftwareforMacandPC;MaskWarriormaskingtools,PathOptimizermasktopathconverter,andotherPhotoshopplugins.

title:	Lokas Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artistic-effects.com%2F
desc:	PluginsofferedareArtisticEffectsacollectionoffiltersthatcreateuniqueeffects.3DMakerforthecreationofpseudo3Dgraphicalelementsoutof2Ddrawings.Productspecifications,screenshots,anddownloads.

title:	LucisArt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lucisart.com%2F
desc:	Thispluginexploresdigitalimagesintheirentirety,createsunusualspecialeffectsandcorrectsimageexposure.CompatiblewithIllustratoraPhotoshop.

title:	Namesuppressed Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.namesuppressed.com%2Fdesign%2F
desc:	MakerofAutochromatic,Softener,andAutointerlacefreewareandsharewarepluginsforWindowsandMacintosh.

title:	NVR BorderMania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pluginfilters.com%2Fbordermania%2Findex.html
desc:	WebpagebuttonandbordermakingpluginfiltersforPhotoshop,PaintShopPro,PhotoPaintandothergraphicseditors.

title:	Photoshop Stuff 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.users.cloud9.net%2F%7Egparet%2Fphotoshop%2F
desc:	SelectionofPhotoshopplug-insforMacandPCIncludingfilters,selections,grids,outlines,polygons,andothers.

title:	PhotoSynthesis, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jnrubin.net%2Fpsi%2F
desc:	OffersthepluginMetrixforadaptingtwoimagestoeachother,bymatchingthecolorsofbothimages.Theadaptedimagescane.g.beusedtocreateapanoramaimage.Onlyworksfinewithverysimilarimages.

title:	Photron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.photron.com%2F
desc:	Primattepluginallowsyoutousemattedimages,replacingcolorswithothers.

title:	Plastic Thought 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plasticthought.com%2F
desc:	Developerof3Dtechnologiesplugins.

title:	The Plugin Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthepluginsite.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforgraphicsusersincludingplugins,effectsandtoolsforimageandvideoediting.DatabasedrivensearchenginewhichletsyousearchPhotoshop-compatibleplugins,PaintshopProtubes,Photoshopactions,graphicstutorialsandproductreviews.

title:	Plugins.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plugins.com%2Fplugins%2Fphotoshop%2F
desc:	Photoshoppluginsandfilters.Itincludesinformationaboutplugins,filtersandnews.

title:	PluginsWorld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pluginsworld.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryofpluginsforAdobeAcrobat,Illustrator,InDesignandPhotoshop,aswellasiTunes,iMovieandFinalCut.

title:	Popuload Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.popuload.com%2F
desc:	Add-ontoPhotoshopforMac.AnexperimentalprojectofAlexFurness.Free,unsupporteddownload.

title:	Power Retouche 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.powerretouche.com%2F
desc:	Photoeditingpluginsforimage-enhancementlikeexposure,sharpening,saturation,andcontrast.Thesepluginsemulateopticsandtreatimagesaslightandcolorbehaves,notasdigitalcodes.Tutorials,downloads,anduserguides.[Windows/Mac]

title:	Stoik Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stoik.com%2F
desc:	PMArtgalleryandPMRubbercollectionofartanddeformationspecialeffectsforPhotoshopandvideoeditors.

title:	Teacup Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teacupsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Plug-InsandconsultingforAdobeInDesign.WorkspaceManager,andPaletteManageravailableforWindowsandMacintosh.

title:	Vimas Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vimas.com%2F
desc:	Imageprocessingproducts,includingJPEGandWebGuruplugins.

title:	Vizros Plug-ins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPhotoshop%2FPlugins&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vizros.com%2F
desc:	PhotoshopcompatiblepluginsforWindowsthatprovideaninteractiveenvironmenttomakereal3Dpagewrappingeffect.

title:	AAUG Review - Corel Painter IX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter%2FReviews&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akappleug.org%2Frev%2F402.html
desc:	Summary:Thisisaprogramthateverydigitalartistshouldown.Itincludesallofthefeaturesthatanyonecouldimagine,plusafewthatIhadnotpreviouslythoughtofmyself.

title:	CreativeMac - Corel Painter Essentials 3 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter%2FReviews&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativemac.com%2Farticles%2Fviewarticle.jsp%3Fid%3D35197
desc:	Summary:DaveNagel:PainterEssentials3easilyexceedsmyexpectationsforaconsumer-levelpaintingapplication.IthasthepowerofthebrushesbuiltontopofthePainterengine;ithasfantasticcloningandautomaticpaintingfeatures;anditperformsquitewell.

title:	CreativeMac - Corel Painter IX.5 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter%2FReviews&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macdesignpro.com%2Farticles%2Fviewarticle.jsp%3Fid%3D38637
desc:	Summary:DaveNagel:IgiveCorelPainterIX.5aStrongBuyrecommendationasbothafullversionandasanupgrade.

title:	CreativeMac: Corel Painter IX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPainter%2FReviews&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativemac.com%2Farticles%2Fviewarticle.jsp%3Fid%3D28739
desc:	CreativeMacreview:"Thebottomline:ThisisthebestupgradetoPainterthatIcanrecall,"DavidNagel.

title:	EditPad Pro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FTekstverwerking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.editpadpro.com%2Fnl.html
desc:	Tekstverwerkermetextrafunctionaliteitenombestandentevergelijkeneneenhexadecimalemodus.Nieuws,algemeneinformatie,mogelijkheidopeennieuwsbriefteabonnereneneenevaluatieversietedownloaden.OokinhetEngels.

title:	Matsu Consultancy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FTekstverwerking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.matsu.nl%2F
desc:	BedrijfdatsjablonenmaaktvoorMicrosoftWord.

title:	SDN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FTekstverwerking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdnl.nl%2Fspeller.htm
desc:	InformatieovereendoorSDNontwikkeldespellingscheckervoorWordPerfect5&6.

title:	Sybesma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FTekstverwerking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sybesma.org%2Fword%2F
desc:	DocumentatieoverWordmeto.a.hoejetabellenkuntmakenensjablonenkuntgebruiken.

title:	Yahoo! Groups - KPT101 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FKai_Power_Tools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fkpt101%2F
desc:	ThislistwascreatedtohelptutorhowtousethefiltersinKai'sPowerTools3,5,6andXmoreeffectively.Sharingtipsandideas,graphics,URLs,presetsandenvironmentmaps,doingtutorialsisnotmandatory.

title:	Akatosh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.users.globalnet.co.uk%2F%7Eakatosh%2Fpresets.html
desc:	MixtureofBladePropresets.

title:	BladePro Presets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkwaregraphics.com%2Fpresets%2Findex.html
desc:	100presetsformetal,glass,pastels,mutedtones,darkercolors,andpatterns.

title:	BladeProPRESETS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FBladeProPRESETS%2F
desc:	Exchangepresetstroubleshootandhelpnewbiesinstallandlearnhowtomaketheownpresets.

title:	Dami's Demesne 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dragonmyth.com%2Fdami%2Fbladepro1.html
desc:	FreeoriginalWebpagegraphics,BladeProandSuperBladePropresetssortedalphabetically.

title:	Elizabeth's Super Blade Pro Presets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsbppresetgallery.tripod.com%2Fgallery.htm
desc:	Presetsarearrangedinadropdownmenu.

title:	Flaming Pear 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flamingpear.com%2Fblade.html
desc:	CompanyhomeofBladeProandDesignerSextetpluginfiltersforPaintShopPro.

title:	Jomay.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjomay.com%2Fpresets%2Fbladepro.html
desc:	BladeProbasicstutorialandpresets.

title:	Making BladePro PreSets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psp5tutorials.freeservers.com%2Fpresets.html
desc:	TutorialonhowtomakeBPPresets.

title:	McKenzie's Mint 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jadecat.com%2Fbp%2Fbpa%2Fbp.html
desc:	PresetsforBladeProafilterforPaintShopProandPhotoshop.

title:	OMS Digital Studios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omsds.com%2F
desc:	BladeProandSuperBladeProPresets,withlinkstorelatedsites.

title:	OuttaMyShell Digital Studios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omsds.com%2Fbladepro%2F
desc:	LargecollectionofpresetforBladeProandSuperBladeProthatincludespookysuperpresets,andlinkstootherresourcepages.

title:	Silver Mermaid Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.silvermermaid.8m.com%2F
desc:	OfferingBladeProPresets,andlinkwarewebsets.

title:	This in That Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thisnthatgraphics.bravepages.com%2Fgoodies%2Fpre1%2Fpre0intro.html
desc:	SuperBladePropresets,thepresets.q5qfilescontaintheenvironment.bmpfile,thetexturefile,andasmallsampleofthepreset.

title:	Varian's Dreamview 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.varian.net%2Fdreamview%2Fdreameffects%2Findex.html
desc:	CollectionofpresetsforBP.ForastainedglasseffectinanycolordownloadtheGlassmakerpresetwithinstructions.

title:	WebRing: The Blade Pro Ring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fwebring%3Fring%3Dbladepro
desc:	Linkstogethersitesofferingpresetsandtutorials,includeslistofsitesintheringandsignupinformation.

title:	Yahoo! Groups - Super Blade Pro Swap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro%2FPlugins%2FBlade_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FSuperBladeProSwap%2F
desc:	ShareSuperBladeProPresets.

title:	Coopmans Excelspecialist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.excelspecialist.nl%2F
desc:	Ontwikkelingvanapplicaties,consultancyencursussen.

title:	Excel verjaardagskalender 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FSpreadsheets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.kpn.nl%2Foost1250%2FExcel%2FVerjaardagskalender.html
desc:	Gratisverjaardagskalender,broncodeintezien.

title:	Paint Shop Pro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paintshoppro.com%2Fen%2Fproducts%2Fpaintshop-pro%2F
desc:	GraphicsapplicationbyCorelthatcanbeusedforanythingfromcreatingsimpleimagestocomplex,multi-layeredgraphicsbycombiningraster-basedandvector-basedgraphicstechnologyintooneprogram.Offersfreedownload,tutorials,support,andupgrades.

title:	DeityDiva 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deitydiva.co.uk%2F
desc:	TubesandBladeProandSuperBladePropresets,webgraphics,clipart,anddesktopartwithCelticandpaganthemes.

title:	Dizteq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dizteq.com%2F
desc:	PSPtutorials,pluging,Splat!tutorialsandframes.AlsohostsseveralofJoeCilinceontutorials.

title:	Dizzinz Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdizzinz.dizz.com%2F
desc:	PSPtubes,brushesandpresets,largecollectionoftutorialsforbeginners,interfacegraphics,OutlookExpressstationery,dingbats,linkwareandpurchasewarewebsets.

title:	Grafx Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grafx-design.com%2Fpsp_tut.html
desc:	Digitalgraphicsandwebgraphicstips,techniquesandtutorials.

title:	Guffy Creek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guffycreek.com%2F
desc:	Linkwaresnowglobes,seamlesstiles,hotbarskinsandPSPtutorialsandtubes,andKPT5ShapeshifterPresets.

title:	Joe Cilinceon - New Dawn Micro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dizteq.com%2Fjoestuff%2Findex.html
desc:	Tutorials,filters,BladeProPresets,frameset,andgalleryofartwork.

title:	Krafty Kards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kraftykards.com%2F
desc:	PSPtubes,tutorialscoveringmakingananimatedlovenote,Angelandinterfacetubesandseveralothers,wallpapers,andWebdesign.

title:	Lelia's Loft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fleliasloft.tripod.com%2F
desc:	FreePSPtubes,SuperBladePropresetsandBladePropresets,backgrounds,slats,andenvelopes.Alsoofferingfreewebsets,andexclusivesetsaswell.

title:	Mary's Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepage.eircom.net%2F%7Emacdonagh%2Fmain.htm
desc:	Snowandlakeapplets,snowglobesandtutorialsforPSP.

title:	Midwinter's Dream Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmdream.www7.50megs.com%2Fmidwinter.html
desc:	PSPtubesandtutorials,AngelWhisperadoptions,ExpressionsFriendshipplaquesgifts,snowglobebases,andthemedsetsforpersonalhomepages.

title:	NDC Web Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ndcwebdesign.com%2F
desc:	Tubesandbrushes,BladeProandSuperBladePropresets.Professionalwebsitedesignservices.

title:	Paint Shop Pro List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lsoft.com%2Fscripts%2Fwl.exe%3FSL1%3DPSP%26H%3DLIST.SENIORWEB.NL
desc:	SubscribeheretothePSPmailinglistatLSoft.

title:	Psp Mania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpsp_mania.tripod.com%2F
desc:	WebsiteforthenewsgrouptofindPSPtubes,maskandbackgroundsandwebsets,andallthingsrelated.Aswellastutorialsfrombeginnertoadvanced.

title:	Roxy's Renditions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fautumnweb.com%2FRoxys%2F
desc:	Computergraphicartworkandholidaythemewebart.

title:	Sheas Creations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fart2%2Fsheascreations%2Fgalleryindex.htm
desc:	PaintShopUsersGroup,tutorials,andwebsets.Requestcustomgraphics.

title:	Sheilsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sheilsoft.com%2F
desc:	OffersacollectionofoverseventyscriptsforusewithforusewithPSPversionXonwards.Includesphotographylinksandothersoftware.

title:	Star Gazer Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FGraphics%2FImage_Editing%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstar_gazers_graphics.tripod.com%2FStartPage.html
desc:	CurrentlyofferthingssuchasPSP7tutorials,tubes,tipsandhowtosection,alongwithsomegreatlinkstoPSPresources.

title:	Paralax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paralax.nl%2Fen%2F
desc:	Publisherofplanningsoftware,locatedinMaarssen.Productinformationandcontactdetails.

title:	SalesManager Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salesmanager.nl%2F
desc:	Specializingincustomerrelationshipmanagement(CRM).

title:	Spinner Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spinner.nl%2F
desc:	Offersdevelopmentandconsultancyservicestosmallbusinesses.CreatorofWinMapper,atooltoassignkeyboardshortcutstooftenusedapplicationsoractions.

title:	Tedopres 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tedopres.com%2F
desc:	Developerofcontentmanagementandtechnicaldocumentationsystems.

title:	Kwalitan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kwalitan.nl%2F
desc:	Computerondersteundekwalitatievedata-analysevoordiversedisciplines.Informatie,discussie,bestelformulierendownloadbaredemoversie.

title:	AW Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Faw-europe.com%2F
desc:	AnofficialdistributorofActiveworldstechnologywith3Denvironmentsforbothbusinessandhomeuse.LocatedinMaarssen.

title:	Basket Builders 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.b-b.nl%2F
desc:	Developssolutionsforbusinessprocessesacrossmultipleorganizations.Companyprofile,news,solutionsandportfolio.

title:	Beotela Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beotela.com%2F
desc:	Providesconsultancy,webhostinganddesign,andacontentmanagementsystem.

title:	Dolphin Engineering NL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dolphin-eng.nl%2F
desc:	Real-timeembeddedsoftwareengineering.

title:	Harmon Computing Consultants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harmon.nl%2F
desc:	FreelanceTandemspecialistsforfinance,telecomandNKSsystems.

title:	HiTECHnologies Control Networks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hitechnologies.nl%2F
desc:	LonWorksSystemdeveloper.Offerstotalengineeringsolutionsfromcomplexnetworksdowntointelligentcontrolnodes.Productandcontactdetailsprovided.

title:	Industrial Automation Partners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iapbv.nl%2F
desc:	Servicescoverthecompleteprocessautomationareafromprocesscontrolbasedconsultancy,projectimplementationuptocompletestrategicplanning.

title:	Root Systems Linux Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rootsystems.nl%2F
desc:	LinuxandOpenSourcesolutionsproviderlocatedinTheHaguearea

title:	svenART 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svenart.com%2F
desc:	Websitedesignanddatabaseapplications.LocatedinDordrecht.

title:	Transfer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transfer.nl%2F
desc:	ConsultingandtrainingforelectronicdesignautomationintheBeneluxarea.

title:	WorldWide TravelGuide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldwide-travelguide.com%2F
desc:	Webdesign,hostingandInternet-marketingforcompaniesworkinginthetravelindustry.

title:	Io Scrivo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FComputer%2FSoftware%2FElaborazione_Testi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fioscrivo.altervista.org%2Fhome.htm
desc:	[Win]Vienepresentatoquestoeditorditestigratuitoeinitaliano.Schermatediesempio,principalicaratteristiche,areadownload.

title:	Abacus E-media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abacusemedia.com%2F
desc:	Specialiseinprovidingcontentmanagementsystems,portaldevelopment,webdesignandkioskservices.

title:	Adenin Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adenin.com%2F
desc:	ContentmanagementsystemoptimizedforusageinIntranets.

title:	Akmin Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akmin.com%2F
desc:	Offerscontentmanagementsoftware,includingSiteGalore,OnlineSiteCreator,andEditlet.

title:	Aptus Solutions Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aptus.co.uk%2F
desc:	Buildersofinformationmanagementarchitectures,partneringwithDocumentum,ATG,BEAandVerity.

title:	Artery Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arterysolutions.com%2F
desc:	ArteryEngineandInsiteStudiosolutionsenablemanagingcontentstructures.AlsoincludeWebtopShop,anonlineshoppingsoftwaresystem.

title:	Asbru Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwcm.asbrusoft.com%2F
desc:	WebcontentmanagementsystemforWindows,UnixandLinux,compatiblewithanumberofdatabasesandprogramminglanguages.Includesfullopenprogramsourcecode.

title:	Aspenware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aspenware.com%2F
desc:	MarketsproductswhichareanInternet,Intranet,Extranetportalsolutionthatprovidesbrowser-basedcontentmanagement,database-driven,userroleenabledwebpresence.

title:	Author-it Software Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.author-it.com%2F
desc:	Single-sourceauthoringandcontentmanagement.Writedocumentationcontentonce,maintainitinasinglelocation,andpublishittoprint,Intranet,websites,andWindows.

title:	Autom-8 pty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autom-8.com%2F
desc:	gener-8isawebpublishingtooltocreateandupdatewebsitesthroughabrowserinterface.

title:	AZcontent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fa-z-content.tripod.com%2F
desc:	ASOAP-basedsemi-automatedcontentmanagementsystemfromAZtecadevelopers.Homepagehaspopups.

title:	b content 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.b-content.com%2F
desc:	ContentmanagementsystemwhichallowschangestothecontentofanInternetpresentation.

title:	BackStream 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.backstream.com%2F
desc:	Aproviderofcontentmanagementandmulti-channelcontentdistributionsoftwaresolutions.Providesthetechnicalfoundationforcontentbillingthroughitstracking,tracingandusagereportingcapabilities.

title:	BarClaey 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barclaey.com%2F
desc:	GOOZfeaturesWYSIWYGediting,scheduledcontent,template-drivenwebpages,approvalworkflow,visitortracking,andanintegratedsearchengineandmailinglist.

title:	Bit Pub 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbitpub.com%2F
desc:	Integratedworld-scalablesoftwareandservicesplatformthatenablesyoutoprovidecontrolledaccesstoyourcontent.

title:	BlackMonk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackmonk.com%2F
desc:	CMSwebandmobilepublishingsolution.Create,manageandmonetize:portals,magazines,newspapers,businessdirectories,oronlinecommunities.

title:	blogSpirit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blogspirit.com%2F
desc:	Companyprovidesdedicatedblogplatformsundertheclient'sownbrandname,basedontheblogSpiritCommunitysolution.

title:	CentricMinds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centricminds.com%2F
desc:	Providescontentandknowledgemanagementsolutionsthatenablebusinessuserstodesign,deploy,andmanageInternetandIntranetsites.

title:	Clarinet Systems Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarinet.co.uk%2F
desc:	SoftwareforthemanagementanddeliveryofinformationviatheInternet,intranetsandCD-ROM.Includingcontentmanagement,informationdelivery,searchengines,e-commerceandaccesscontrolsystems.

title:	Claromentis Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.claromentis.com%2F
desc:	Aweb-basedknowledgemanagementsystemwhichintegratesdocumentandcontentmanagement.Demoavailable.

title:	CNCat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cn-software.com%2Fen%2Fcncat%2F
desc:	AsimpletoinstallandmaintainWeb-sitesdirectory.Freeware.

title:	Collaborate Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collabweb.com%2F
desc:	CollabWebsoftwareandservicestohelporganizationscreateanddeploydynamicinternet,intranetandextranetwebsites.

title:	Contensis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.contentmanagement.co.uk%2F
desc:	Systemenablesbothtechnicalandnon-technicalstafftoedit,manageandpublishweb,intranetorextranetcontent.IthasanXMLcore,workflow,andeditscontentelementsinWYSIWYGmode.

title:	Conversant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fconversant.macrobyte.net%2F
desc:	GroupwareapplicationanddevelopmentplatformwritteninFrontier(UserTalk).Includesweb-basedcontentmanagementsystem,NNTPserver,mailinglistserver,andXML-RPCmethodsfortheentireAPI.

title:	Cyberglue 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyberglue.com%2F
desc:	Webcontentmanagementsoftwareandplatformthatdelivershigh-enddynamicwebsitesandenterprisee-businessapplications.

title:	Cyberteams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyberteams.com%2Fproducts%2Findex.html
desc:	WebSiteDirectorprovidessolutionswithWYSIWYGediting,templates,workflow,WebDAV,andversioning.Publishtomultipledestinations.

title:	Gribouillage PSP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FFormation%2FGraphisme_CAO_DAO%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgribouillagepsp.free.fr%2F
desc:	Tutoriels,tubesetfiltrespourPaintShopPro.

title:	DynaPortal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynaportal.com%2F
desc:	Portalsoftwareforwebcommunities,webportals,andenterprisewebsites,featuringself-publishingandpersonalization.

title:	Ecom Enterprises 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecomenterprises.com%2F
desc:	ProvidingContentManagement,E-commerce,Services,ExpertiseandTechnology.

title:	EGO7 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ego7.com%2F
desc:	ManagesFlashMXcontent.Workflow,lifecycle,categorization,andafullpackageoftemplates.

title:	Ektron, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ektron.com%2F
desc:	Offerstoolstohelpmarketersengageandconvertwebsitevisitorsthroughcontentmanagement,actionabledata,andopenconnectivitybetweenenterprisesystems.

title:	EM3 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.em3.com%2F
desc:	iOnallowsnon-technicalcontributorstocreateandreusecontentacrossmanydynamically-managed,personalizedsites.

title:	Enable International Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenable.com%2F
desc:	Asetoftemplate-driventools,includinginlineformatting,imagecataloging,andfileconversion.Searching,archiving,multilingualandmulticurrencyshopping.

title:	Episerver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.episerver.com%2F
desc:	AglobalcompanyofferingaCMSandane-commerceplatform.Theplatformincludestoolstomanagewebcontent,digitalmarketing,ande-commerce.

title:	eTouch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etouch.net%2F
desc:	WebContentManagementandDocumentManagementsolutionswithWYSIWYGediting,templating,businessprocessautomation(workflow),WebDAV,versioningandsitemanagement.eFormsautomationtool.

title:	ExpressionEngine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=https%3A%2F%2Fexpressionengine.com%2F
desc:	CMSwithbuiltinspamprotection.

title:	Faq-O-Matic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffaqomatic.sourceforge.net%2Ffom-serve%2Fcache%2F1.html
desc:	ACGI-basedsystemthatautomatesmaintainingFAQorsimilardocuments.

title:	FatWire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fatwire.com%2F
desc:	ContentServerisforbuildingandmaintainingmultiplewebsites(Intranets,Extranets,andpublicsites)forlargeorganizations.J2EE-based,withenterprise-classworkflow.

title:	Filnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=https%3A%2F%2Ffilnetinc.com%2F
desc:	Offeringsolutionsforbusinesses,governments,andassociations,Xpressware.CMSisprimarilytargetedatthepublicsector.

title:	FrameWorks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frameworks.no%2F
desc:	Deliverspowerfultemplate-basedInternetpublishingandreportingsolutionsbasedonthePublikitsoftware.

title:	GOSS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gossinteractive.com%2F
desc:	EnterprisecontentmanagementsolutionsprovidingWYSIWYGediting,collaboration,andsecurecommercecapabilitieswithintegrationintobackofficesystems.

title:	Hannon Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hannonhill.com%2F
desc:	Offersmid-levelsoftwareforteamsanddepartmentsandmorehigh-levelsoftwareforlargercompaniesandgovernments.

title:	I S Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isproductions.net%2F
desc:	Providinginternetsolutionstoassociationsandnon-profitorganizations.Specializeinthedevelopmentofweb-basedproductssuchascontentmanagement,andeventregistration.

title:	IBM: Enterprise Content Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-01.ibm.com%2Fsoftware%2Fdata%2Fcontent-management%2F
desc:	Providesafoundationformanaging,accessingandintegratingbusinessinformation.Optimizedforlargecollectionsoflargeobjects.

title:	icoya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icoya.com%2F
desc:	Softwaresolutionsforcontentmanagement,commerceandcollaboration.

title:	immediaC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.immediac.com%2F
desc:	i-WebSuiteisaCMSforgraphicdesignersandwebdesigners.

title:	Industrial Medium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.industrialmedium.com%2F
desc:	Carbideisacontentandsitemanagementsolutionofferedasamanagedservice.

title:	InfoDynamics: Intact 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infod.com%2F
desc:	Documentmanagingsoftwaretointegrateyourscanninganddocumentorganization.

title:	Infopark.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=https%3A%2F%2Finfopark.com%2F
desc:	Aweb-basedenterprisecontentmanagementsoftwarefore-businesssolutions

title:	Ingeniux Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ingeniux.com%2F
desc:	XML-basedwebcontentmanagementsystemwithWYSIWYGediting,workflow,taxonomy,andcontentsyndication.

title:	Inmagic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Flucidea.com%2Finmagic%2F
desc:	ContentServerincludesknowledgemanagement,competitiveintelligence,library,archiveandrecordsmanagement.Seminars,whitepapers,andfreetrialdownloads.

title:	Innovation Gate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Finnovationgate.com%2F
desc:	WebGateAnywheresupportsmultipleauthoringclientsincludingbrowser,Word,Notesande-mail.OutputstoHTML,PDF,Wap,PDA,XML.PersonalPortalavailableincludingeasyintegrationwithlegacydatanotonsite.

title:	Intergage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intergage.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKbasedCMSdeveloperandfulldigitalserviceagency.

title:	Interspire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interspire.com%2F
desc:	Interspiredevelopsweb-basedcontentmanagementsystems,andotherweb-basedapplications.

title:	Iosphere Web Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ashleybrown.co.uk%2Fiosphere%2F
desc:	FindwebmanagementandHTMLeditingsoftware.Usesatemplateandmail-mergetypeapproachtokeepdataandyoursitedesignseparate.

title:	ISCAPE Internet Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iscapeinternet.net%2F
desc:	Provideswebenabledcontentmanagementsolutionstothefinancialandhightechnologyindustries.

title:	Ittrium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ittrium.com%2F
desc:	Providesahostedsoftwarebasedcontentmanagementsystemmaintainedviasimple,on-lineforms.

title:	Jadu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jadu.net%2F
desc:	AnebusinessandcontentmanagementapplicationforSMEbusiness.

title:	KiteCMS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kitecms.com%2F
desc:	FreeuserfriendlyContentManagementSystem.UsedXML(nodatabases)andwrittenin.net

title:	Knowledgeview Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.knowledgeview.co.uk%2F
desc:	UsesscalableJava-basedtechnologyformultiplatformcontentaggregation.

title:	Koken 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkoken.me%2F
desc:	Afreewebsitepublishingsystemdevelopedforphotographers,designersandcreativeDIYs.

title:	Komodo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.komodocms.com%2F
desc:	"Item-based"CMStoseparatelayoutfromcontent.Live,preview,andeditmodes.

title:	Kontrolit.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kontrolit.net%2F
desc:	Softwaredevelopmentcompanyspecializingincontentmanagementsystemsforbusinesswebsites.Includesproductrangeanddemonstration.

title:	kVentures, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kventures.net%2F
desc:	Aconsultingvendorthatspecializesinweb-basedutilitiesdesignedtofacilitatethemanagementofcorporatewebsitesandextranets.

title:	Libertas Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.libertas-solutions.com%2F
desc:	Threescalablesolutionsfromsmallbusinessuserstotheenterprise.AvailableasahostedoralicencedapplicationforLinuxandWindows.

title:	Marqui 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marqui.com%2F
desc:	Producesacommunicationsmanagementsystemwhichsimplifiesandautomatesmarketingcommunicationsprocesses.

title:	MemberGate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.membergate.com%2F
desc:	Web-sitecontentcreationandmanagementsolutiondesignedfororganizationsthatpublishinformationineithera'public'or'membersonly/bysubscription'basis.

title:	Metadot Portal Server 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metadot.com%2F
desc:	MetadotPortalServerisanopen-sourcesoftwareforbuildingpowerfulwebsitesandportalsinjustafewclicks.ProvidescontentmanagementandcollaborationfeaturesandalsocustomizationfunctionalitieslikeMyYahoo(Perl,MysqlandLinux).

title:	Metrex Systems Consulting, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metrex.net%2F
desc:	Canadian-basedcontentmanagementandsoftwareapplicationdevelopmentservicesforsmallandmedium-sizedbusiness.

title:	Mirabyte Web Architect 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mirabyte.com%2Fen%2Fproducts%2Fwebarchitect%2F
desc:	ProfessionalHTML5andCSS3webeditorwithcodeinspector,wizardforcreatingCSSselectorsandcontentmanagingsystem.

title:	Mondeca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mondeca.com%2F
desc:	MondecaprovidessoftwaretoolsandconsultingforKnowledgebase,OntologyandMetadatamanagement.

title:	Mountain Publisher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtpublisher.com%2F
desc:	Websitecontentmanagementanddevelopmentsoftwaretool.

title:	MyCataFLOW 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mycataflow.com%2F
desc:	TheprimaryobjectiveofMyCataFLOWistoprovideanenterprise-wideassetmanagementsolutiontoprotectdigitalassets,increaseefficiency,reducecostsandmaximizerevenue.

title:	Nemein Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nemein.com%2F
desc:	Producessoftwareandprovidesconsultantservicesformobilecollaborationandinformationmanagement.

title:	NeoGeo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neogeo.com%2F
desc:	Scalable,multilingual,intelligentpersonalizationandsearch/textminingfeatures

title:	NeoMedia Technologies, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neom.com%2F
desc:	DevelopersofPaperClick,technologywhichlinksphysicalinformationandobjectstotheInternet.

title:	Net-It Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.net-it.com%2F
desc:	Offersonline,electronicdocumentpublishingandwebcontentmanagement.

title:	Netmining NV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netmining.com%2F
desc:	Developssoftwareforonlinebehavioraltargeting,topersonalizewebsitecontentfordifferentvisitors.

title:	NetQuest NQcontent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nqcontent.com%2F
desc:	ThisColdFusionbased,enterprise-level,webcontentmanagementsolutionistargetedformediumtolargeorganizations.Ithasversioning,workflow,andmultilingual(double-byte)support.

title:	NuRelm NuContent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nurelm.com%2F
desc:	Webcontentmanagementsoftwareforsmalltomid-sizedorganizationsandcompanyintranets.

title:	OAS Corp. Products and Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oascorp.com%2F
desc:	OASCorp.productsandservicesincludeAFP2Web/400andNetConnectforOnDemand/400.NetConnectenableswebbrowseraccesstoIBMOnDemandforAS/400R/DARS.AFP2Web/400transformsAFPdocumentstoPDFandHTML.

title:	Olefa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.olefa.com%2F
desc:	Content,document,user,databaseandknowledgemanagementsystemforBSD/UNIX-basedoperatingsystems(Linux,Solaris,MacOSX).OlefaScriptlanguage.

title:	Open Book Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.obs.com%2F
desc:	Custom,database-drivensolutions.OBShasbeeninthecontentmanagementbusinessfor21years,firstasafull-servicebookpackager,andforthelast11yearsasInternetdevelopersandhost,buildingonlineworkspacesandeasy-to-administerpublishingsystems.

title:	Annie's Psp-Allerlei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FGraphics%2FSoftware%2FPaint_Shop_Pro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.home.nl%2Fannie-sleurink%2F
desc:	ZelfgemaaktetubesentutorialsvoorPSP7.Metdownloadsenlinks.

title:	Perch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgrabaperch.com%2F
desc:	Simplecontentmanagementsystem,customizablethroughcomponents.

title:	Percussion Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.percussion.com%2F
desc:	AcontentmanagementsystembuiltonJavaanddesignedtomakewebcontentmanagementeasierformarketers.

title:	Perpetuum Mobile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.perpetuum.hr%2F
desc:	DeveloperofiSite,ContentManagementsolution.

title:	Profium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.profium.com%2F
desc:	Developsandlicensessemanticcontentmanagementsoftwarebuiltonthe2ndgenerationWebtechnologiessuchasRDFandXML.

title:	pTools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ptools.com%2F
desc:	Cloudhostedenterprisewebcontentmanagementsoftware,SaasandWCM.

title:	Quantum Art's Q-Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quantumart.com%2F
desc:	QuantumArt'sQ-Publishingisaversatilecontentmanagementsolutionforlocalgovernmentsandsmallandmid-sizebusinesses.

title:	Quinary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quinary.it%2F
desc:	AJavaapplicationplatform,builtaroundtheJ2EEframework,providingcommerce,contentandknowledgemanagement,andmessagingapplications.

title:	Quinata 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quinata.co.uk%2F
desc:	Theircontentmanagerallowsasmallbusinesswebsitetobekeptuptodateatlowcost,fromanywhere,justbyfillinginsimpleforms.

title:	Radikls 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radikls.com%2F
desc:	ProvidersofawiderangeofInternetservicesforbusinesses-frombespokecontentmanagementapplications,onlinebookingsystems,customerrelationshipmanagementande-commercesolutions.

title:	Red Snapper Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redsnapper.net%2F
desc:	RedSnapper-StrategicInternetConsultancyandWebAgencywithapowerfulContentManagementSystem

title:	REDtechnology.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redtechnology.com%2F
desc:	Anecommercesolutionprovider,combiningecommerceagencyservicesandauthoringasophisticatedecommerceplatform.

title:	Revize LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.revize.com%2F
desc:	Offersawebcontentmanagementsystemthatenablesnon-technicalcontentcontributorstomaintaintheirwebpages.

title:	Runtime Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.runtime.com%2F
desc:	Simplifyingtheuseofwebsitesandrelatedtechnologiestomeetbusinesscommunicationsandinformationmanagementneedsdynamicallyandwithoutrequiringin-depthtechnicalknowledgeorexpertise.

title:	Scully Interactive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scullyinteractive.com%2F
desc:	Contentmanagementsoftwarecustom-tailoredforcompletecontrolofyoursite,anddesignservices.

title:	Senseware Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.senseware.net%2F
desc:	BasedinMumbai,S.Nagaraj,aone-stopsolutionforbusinessseekingmediaandinteractivetechnologies.

title:	Shrinking Planet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shrinkingplanet.com%2F
desc:	Offerswebbasedcontentmanagementtools.

title:	Site Executive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.systemsalliance.com%2F
desc:	Adynamic,easy-to-implementContentManagementSystemdesignedforefficientmanagementofwebcontentininformation-intensiveenterprises.

title:	Sitecore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sitecore.net%2F
desc:	Producesacontentmanagementandapplicationdevelopmentplatformwithsupportforwebstandardsand.NET.Integrateswithotherenterprisesoftware.

title:	Sitekit Solutions Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sitekit.net%2F
desc:	Offerswebmanagementsystemsforvariousbusinesssectors.Includesserviceandproductinformation.

title:	SiteOS AG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siteos.de%2F
desc:	Adevelopingpowerfulwebapplicationstomakebusinessmoreefficient.Theproductporfoliocontains(flash)contentmanagementSoftware,virtualcommunitymodulesandweb-basedppssystems.

title:	SiteSuite Website Design Pty Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sitesuite.com.au%2F
desc:	Offerswebsitedesign,ecommercesoftware,customwebdevelopment,responsivewebdesignandarangeofwebsiteonlinemarketingtoolsforbusiness.

title:	skyBuilders.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skybuilders.com%2F
desc:	Informationpublishingmodularsystemincludeswebfilesharing,navigationgenerator,e-commerce,e-learning,forums,eventsscheduling,resourcereservationsystem,weblogsandaggregators,webpresentations,web-basedforms,andsitearchiving.Multilingualsupport.Onlinedemosandfreedownloads.

title:	SledgeHammer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsledgehammer.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	SledgeHammerTemplateEngineofficialsite;download,contactandshortdescription.Softwareaimsatseparatingbusinesslogicandcontent.

title:	Solid State Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solidstategroup.com%2F
desc:	Digitalagencyandsoftwarecompanythatdevelopswebsites,webapplicationsandsocialnetworks.

title:	Starwire Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.starwire.com%2F
desc:	Providescontentmanagement,syndication,andmanagednetworkinfrastructureforpublicorprivateWeb-basednetworks.

title:	StoryEdit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storyedit.co.uk%2F
desc:	Aforms-based(noHTML)websitecontentmanagementsystemenablingthosewithonlybasiccomputerskillstoeditandupdatewebpages.Versionsavailableforsinglewebmastersorteamsofcontributors.

title:	Suntek Computer Systems Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suntek.com.hk%2F
desc:	ContentmanagementsystemsupportsChinesesearch,inputanddisplay,workflowmanagementfromdatainput,upload,topublication,contentsyndicationanddistribution,imageandOfficedocumentuploadandsearch;fulltextandfield-by-fieldsearchforbothChineseandEnglishcontents.

title:	Synkron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.synkron.com%2F
desc:	ScandinavianvendorwithpartnersinNorway,Sweden,Germany,SwitzerlandandDenmark.TheSynkronsystemisaimedatthemid-market.

title:	Syslab.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsyslab.com%2F
desc:	elevateITprovidescontentmanagementsolutionsfordistributedorganisations,portalmanagement,documentmanagementandworkflowmanagement.ItisanextensionofZOPE/Plone.

title:	TechniCon Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technicon.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesWeb-basedsoftwaretomanageproductcontent,includingcomplexCADandproductconfigurations.

title:	TEKgroup International, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tekgroup.com%2F
desc:	Internetsoftwareandservicesincludingcontentmanagement,E-commerce,interactiveandE-businesssolutionsfortheautomotiveandtransportation,healthandfitness,publicrelations,andsportsandentertainmentindustries.

title:	TerminalFour Solutions Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.terminalfour.com%2F
desc:	Providersofsoftwareforcommunicationandinformationdeliverythroughchannelsincludingwebsites,IntranetsandExtranetportals.

title:	UPOINT Publisher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upoint.info%2F
desc:	Acontentmanagementsystemthatallowsaweboperatortoedithiswebpagesviaabrowser.

title:	UserLand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffrontier.userland.com%2F
desc:	Frontier/Manilaisbuiltaroundanobjectdatabase,scriptinglanguage,scripteditoranddebugger,outliner,multi-threadedruntime,distributedcomputingprotocols,real-timeeditor/debugger(IDE)andpublishingworkflowadministration.IntegratedHTTPserver.RunsonMacandWindows.

title:	Viadesto Interactive Web Platform 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.viadesto.com%2F
desc:	Viadestohelpsyoueasilymanagecontentforyourintranet,extranetandwebsitethroughyourwebbrowserwhileprovidinginteractivecalendars,discussions,ecommerce,emailmanagement...

title:	viaMEDICI AG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.viamedici.de%2F
desc:	Offerscross-mediapublishingthroughacombinationofdatabaseandXMLtechnology.

title:	VISAV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visav.net%2F
desc:	Offersacontentmanagementsystem.ToolsincludeemailandSMSmailinglist,andstatisticsmanagement.

title:	Wandsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wandsoft.com%2F
desc:	e-PublisherisColdFusionbasedcontentmanagement.Canbeintegratedwithsales,booking,andcustomerrelationshiptools.

title:	Web Enterprise Suite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.compusult.net%2Fweb-enterprise-suite
desc:	Ane-commercesolutionfordataproductsearch,retrievalanddistributionviatheWeb.

title:	web it easy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webiteasy.de%2F
desc:	Separateslayoutfromcontent.

title:	WebDAV Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webdav.org%2F
desc:	acentralresourcefordocumentation,specifications,software,mailinglists,andotherusefulitems.

title:	Webgenz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webgenz.com%2F
desc:	Object-orientedcontentmanagementsystemandwebsitedevelopmenttool.Usesapractical,file-basedapproachtoseparatepagetemplatesandreusablecontent.Shareware.

title:	WebLinks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnctek.com%2Fweblinks%2Fabout_weblinks.html
desc:	ThisCGIscriptcanbuildYahoostyleWebdirectorybasedonaBizDBdatabase.Easytouseandinstall.GreatWebsitepromotionaltool.

title:	WebWhistler 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webwhistler.com%2F
desc:	MakesCMSpossibilitiesthatsofarhaveonlybeenavailabletolargecompaniesalsoavailabletosmallcompanies.

title:	WORKSsitebuilder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.workssitebuilder.com%2F
desc:	Webcontentandusermanagementsystem.WYSIWYG(MSWORDstyle)contentediting,role-basedworkflow,rollbackversioning,multi-lingualversioning,contentschedulingandmultiplatformcontentdelivery.E-GIF,WAIandBOBBYcompliant.

title:	Xepient Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xepient.com%2F
desc:	Open-Pointisafreeopen-sourceCMSdevelopedwith.NETtechnologies.Modularandscalable.Demosanddownloadsavailable.

title:	Zeta Producer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FSite_Management%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zeta-producer.com%2F
desc:	AWindows-basedwebcontentmanagementsystem.

title:	Arbes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arbes.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareproviderbasedinLondonandPrague.Themainproductsareinformationsystemsforthebankingandbusinesssectors.

title:	Breaking Business and Technology News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.silicon.com%2F
desc:	BroadandcurrentbusinessandtechnologynewsonkeyITissues.Viewsandcommentaryfromindustryleaders.

title:	Apache Lenya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FJava%2FEnterprise_Edition%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Flenya.apache.org%2F
desc:	JavabasedcontentmanagementandpublishingsystemdesignedtohandleXMLmaterial.ItispartoftheApacheCocoonproject.[Opensource,ApacheSoftwareLicense]

title:	Brontobytes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brontobytes.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesEuropeanwebhosting,cloudserversanddomainregistration.

title:	Daxten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.daxten.co.uk%2F
desc:	SpecialistwithKVMswitches,CAT5extenders,LCDdrawersandmonitorsplittersforhomeandserverenvironments.IncludesbranchlistEuropewide.

title:	The European Forum for Electronic Business 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eema.org%2F
desc:	EEMAaimstoimprovecommunicationsbetweenbusinessesinEuropewhowishtotradeandcommunicateelectronically.Detailsofmembership,publications.

title:	European Internet Foundation ( EIF ) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eifonline.org%2F
desc:	EIFhelpsshapeEuropeanUnionpolicyfore-commerce,e-democracyandthedigitalrevolution.ItisledbyMembersoftheEuropeanParliament,andsupportedbyinternetcompanies,academics,andpublicbodies.

title:	Logica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.logica.com%2F
desc:	All-embracingportfolioofservices,fromstrategicconsultancyandproducts,tosystemsintegration,solutionsdeliveryandbusinessprocessoutsourcing.ContactdetailssforlocationsthroughoutEurope.

title:	Nextra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nextra.com%2F
desc:	ParentcompanyofanumberofEuropeanISPandhostingcompanies.

title:	CoreMedia AG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FJava%2FEnterprise_Edition%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coremedia.com%2F
desc:	Offerscontenttechnologyforproduction,administrationanddeliveryofscalable,personalizedmulti-channelservices.Thesiteinformsonproducts,references,support,andnews.

title:	dotCMS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FJava%2FEnterprise_Edition%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdotcms.com%2F
desc:	ACMSsolutionbuiltintoLifeRay,aJSR-168-compatibleportal.dotCMSaddsanumberoffeaturestoLiferay,suchasusertrackingandclickpathreporting,markinglistfeatures,newsletterandemailcampaignmanagers,andeventmanagement.[Opensource]

title:	Enonic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FJava%2FEnterprise_Edition%2FContent_Management&url=https%3A%2F%2Fenonic.com%2F
desc:	VerticalSiteisaplatformdevelopedinJava(J2EE)usingServletsandEJBstocreateandmaintainInternetsolutions,combiningbothaportaltoolandacontentmanagementsysteminonesolution.Licensedandhostedsolutions(Norway).

title:	Jalios JCMS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FJava%2FEnterprise_Edition%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jalios.com%2F
desc:	AJava/XML-basedintegratedCMS,Portalandcollaborativesolution.[Commercial]

title:	Jamecs (JAva ManagEd Content System) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FJava%2FEnterprise_Edition%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjamecs.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Afullfeaturedservlets-basedcontentmanagementframework,providingasimplehierarchicalcontentmodelwithtransparentJDBC-basedobjectpersistence,advancedviewcreation,andtightintegrationwiththeApacheVelocitytemplateengineinaneasytousepackage.[Opensource,ApacheLicense2]

title:	OpenCMS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FJava%2FEnterprise_Edition%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opencms.org%2F
desc:	ServletsareusedtodeliverHTMLcontentcreatedfromXMLtemplates.ThewholecontentofthesystemisstoredinaJDBC-compliantdatabase.[OpenSource,GPL]

title:	Polopoly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FJava%2FEnterprise_Edition%2FContent_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polopoly.com%2F
desc:	100%JavaContentManagement.ThePolopolysystemisdevelopedforrapidpublishing,managementanddistributionofcontentinanynumberofdigitalchannels.

title:	Samsung SDS Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdse-samsung.com%2F
desc:	ITsolutionsandprofessionalservicestobusinesspartners.

title:	SEM Southern Europe Marketplaces 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurodyn.com%2F
desc:	TheSEMprojectisa"TENTELECOM"projectpartiallyfundedbytheEuropeanCommission.

title:	Vide Infra Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.videinfra.lv%2F
desc:	Internetsolutions,webprojectsandcontentmanagementsoftware.OfficesinLatvia,Russia,andAustralia.

title:	Babylon-Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FFormation%2FGraphisme_CAO_DAO&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.babylon-design.com%2F
desc:	ProposedestutorielspourPhotoshopetXHTML/CSSainsiqu'unforumsurcessujets.

title:	Canada-cad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FFormation%2FGraphisme_CAO_DAO&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canada-cad.com%2F
desc:	Proposedesformationssurleslogicielsdedaoetcao.

title:	Axivorm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.axivorm.nl%2F
desc:	Informationonthecompanyanditsservices.SpecializesinFlash,CMS,databasedrivensites.

title:	BackStream 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.backstream.com%2F
desc:	Providerofcontentmanagementandmulti-channelcontentdistributionsoftwaresolutions.Providesthetechnicalfoundationforcontentbillingthroughitstracking,tracingandusagereportingcapabilities.

title:	CFConsultancy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cfconsultancy.nl%2F
desc:	Webdesignandcontentmanagementsystems.LocatedinAmersfoort,theNetherlands.[Dutch/English]

title:	Eight Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eight.nl%2F
desc:	Smallportfolioandcontactdata.

title:	Huub Koch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huubkoch.nl%2F
desc:	Seniorwebdesignerwantstopresentandshareideas.

title:	Oudenniel Interactive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oudenniel.nl%2F
desc:	Supplierofacontentmanagementsystemandwebdesignservices.LocatedinZoetermeer.

title:	PattOs Atelier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pattosatelier.nl%2F
desc:	Offershostinganddesign.LocatedinNijmegen.

title:	UCENA Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fa%2Fucena.com%2Fhomepage%2F
desc:	Specializesindesigningwebsites,contentmanagementsystems,andflashcontent.LocatedinUtrecht.

title:	Vicus e Business Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvicus.nl
desc:	OpenSourceServiceproviderinAmersfoort,theNetherlands,specializedinZenCartandVTiger-CMS

title:	World Website Service (WWS) Internet Marketing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldwebsiteservice.com%2F
desc:	Offerssearchenginemarketingandwebdesignservices.

title:	Abidi, Arya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Far2%2Fwildarya%2F
desc:	Somecoolthingsandprograms.

title:	Adibi, Sasan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fraylight.tripod.com%2F
desc:	personalhomepagecontainingphotogallery,PersianandEnglishquotes,MasterofScienceFinalProjectandhobbies.

title:	Akhavan Family 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akhavan.com%2F
desc:	Personalphotosandarticlesabouthealthandcomputerscience.

title:	Amiri, Mahdi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fny%2Fyashil%2F
desc:	ResumeforanelectricalengineerfromTabriz.

title:	Ashayeri, Iman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ashayeri.8m.com%2F
desc:	ResumeforacivilengineeringstudentfromSharifUniversityofTechnologyinTehran.Listsfieldsofinterestandpublications.

title:	Beigi, Homayoon S.M. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Finternetserver.com%2F%7Ebeigi%2F
desc:	AdjunctAssociateProfessorattheElectricalandMechanicalEngineeringDepartmentsofColumbiaUniversity.Biography,publicationlistandseveralarticlesaboutPersianmusic.

title:	Dejkam, Arash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Farash.dejkam.com%2F
desc:	AboutArash'sexperiencesandinterests.Alsosomeexampleofhiswork.

title:	Diba, Mani 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.manidiba.tripod.com%2F
desc:	HighschoolstudentinTehran.Vacationphotosprovided.

title:	Everest Dream 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.everestdream.com%2F
desc:	PhotosanddispatchesfromSaeedToossi,thefirstIraniantoreachthesummitofMt.Everest.

title:	Fakhamzadeh, Babak 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbabakfakhamzadeh.com%2F
desc:	Personaltravelogues.Alsomovie,musicandbookreviews.

title:	Forouhar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fforouhar.tripod.com%2Findex.html
desc:	SomevisualartsandthoughtsfromanIranianAmericanWoman.

title:	Heydari, Payam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ece.uci.edu%2F%7Epayam%2F
desc:	Ph.D.candidateinElectricalEngineeringattheUniversityofSouthernCalifornia.Resume,andpublicationlists.

title:	Iranscope - Futurist Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Firanscope.ghandchi.com%2F
desc:	SamGhandchi'sIranianfuturistsite.Includesnewsandeditorials.

title:	Karimian, Pooya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pooyak.com%2F
desc:	ComputingSciencestudentinSimonFraserUniversity,Canada,PreviouslywasastudentatSharifUniversityofTechnology,Iran.

title:	Karkaboud Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkarkbd.20m.com%2F
desc:	PicturesofKarkabood,asmallvillageinAlborzmountains.

title:	Majidi, Omid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omideiran.4t.com%2F
desc:	personalwebsitecontaininglinksaboutIran,culture,poetryandphotos.

title:	Pars-Iran 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pars-iran.tripod.com%2F
desc:	InformationaboutIranbyShayanandPedram.

title:	Parsi, Trita 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tritaparsi.com%2F
desc:	Resume,personalphotos.

title:	Safari, Pedram 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmath.harvard.edu%2F%7Esafari%2F
desc:	Mathematician.Sitefeaturesresume,publicationlist,someIranianlinks.

title:	Valeh Khanoom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvbryan01.tripod.com%2Fvbryan01%40tripod.com%2F
desc:	LinkstofavoriteIraniannews,culturalandmusicsites.

title:	Alle computerwinkels van Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FHardware%2FVerkopers%2FNederland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allecomputerwinkels.nl%2F
desc:	DatabasemetadressenvaneengedeeltevandecomputerwinkelsinNederlandenervaringenvangebruikers.

title:	Artelcom B.V. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FHardware%2FVerkopers%2FNederland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artelcom.nl%2F
desc:	Leveranciervanswitches,splitters,boostersenextendersvandiverseleveranciers.

title:	CNF Computers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FHardware%2FVerkopers%2FNederland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnf-computers.nl%2F
desc:	Verkoopvancomputersensupplies.GevestigdinWarmond.

title:	Comcare ICT Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FHardware%2FVerkopers%2FNederland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comcare.nl%2F
desc:	Advies,leveringenreparatievancomputercomponentenen/of-systemen.

title:	Compas Computers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FHardware%2FVerkopers%2FNederland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.compascomputers.nl%2F
desc:	Verkopervanmaatgebouwdecomputersystemen,losseonderdelen,accessoiresensoftware.Tevensreparatiesaanallemerkencomputers.

title:	ICT ConcepT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ict-concept.nl%2F
desc:	Werktvooreengrootaantaladvocaten-,deurwaarders-ennotariskantoreninNederlandvanuitvestigingeninDenHoutenAmersfoort.

title:	Magento E-commerce Specialist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mediact.nl%2F
desc:	Ontwikkelbureauvoore-commerce,georganiseerdinhetMagentoplatform.Nieuwewebwinkelskunnenontwikkeldwordenenbestaandewebwinkelskunnengeoptimaliseerdworden.

title:	Webdesign.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webdesign.nl%2F
desc:	Eenoverzichtvanwebdesignersperprovinciemeteenkortebeschrijvingvanelkbedrijf.

title:	4S Dawn Clinical Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.4s-dawn.com%2F
desc:	Softwareintheareasofanticoagulation,rheumatology,andchronicdiseases.

title:	AbelSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abelsoft.com%2F
desc:	Providesclinical/practicemanagementsystemstodentistsandphysicians,withspecifications,testimonials,andcorporatedetails.HeadquartersinBurlington,Ontari

title:	Accuchecker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accuchecker.com%2F
desc:	Productsforhealthcarereimbursementandinformation.

title:	ADL Data Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adldata.com%2F
desc:	NursingHomesoftware;SubacuteCare,IntermediateandLongTermCareFacilitysoftware.

title:	Analy$ource Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.analysource.com%2F
desc:	Offersaweb-basedanalyticaltoolthatgivesuserstheabilitytoquicklyandefficientlymanageadrugpricingdatabase.

title:	AngelsLAB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelslab.com%2F
desc:	Offerscomputerimagingservicesforplasticandcosmeticsurgeryproviders.

title:	Antek Healthware, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antekhealthware.com%2F
desc:	Developssoftwareproductsdesignedtofacilitatethepracticeofmedicine.

title:	Appeal Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.appealsolutions.com%2F
desc:	Softwaretoresolvedeniedordisputedhealthinsuranceclaims.

title:	Archibel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archibel.com%2F
desc:	Offersaresearchandanalysisprogramdesignedforhomeopathicstudentsandprofessionals.

title:	Armus Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.armus.com%2F
desc:	Developingcomputer-based,internetenabledproductsforthemedicalindustry,includingeducationalsoftwareandadvanceddatamanagementsolutions.

title:	Assessments.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.assessments.com%2F
desc:	Providesconfidentialoutcomereportingsolutionsforcaseworkers,cliniciansandhealthcounselors.

title:	BabySentry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.babysentry.com%2F
desc:	Offersafertilitydatabasemanagementsystemdesignedtomanageallphasesoffertilitytreatmentefficiently.

title:	Blue Elm Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blueelm.com%2F
desc:	Providerofadvancedhealthcaredatarepositorysolutionsforauditingandreporting.Includesdownloads.

title:	BrainTrain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.braintrain.com%2F
desc:	Offerscognitivetestingandtrainingsoftwareforvisualandauditoryprocessingdisorders,learningdisabilities,mentalretardationandbraininjuries.

title:	Byrne Software Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.byrnesoftware.com%2F
desc:	OffersaWindowsbased,client/serverhealthclaimsadministrationsystem.

title:	Cardiocomm Solutions Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cardiocomm.com%2F
desc:	Companydevelopsandmarketsinformationtechnologyproductsforcardiologists.

title:	CARE 2X 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.care2x.org%2F
desc:	Offersfreesoftwaretointegratethedifferentinformationsystemsexistingintheseorganizationsintoonesingleefficientsystem.

title:	Care Converge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.careconverge.com%2F
desc:	Aproviderofwebbasedhealthcareinformationtechnologysystemsdeliveringcustomportalsolutionsandsoftwaredevelopment.

title:	CareVoyant, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carevoyant.com%2F
desc:	Healthcaresoftwareprovider.Includesservicesandcasestudies.

title:	Cellavision 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cellavision.com%2F
desc:	Offersautomateddigitalcellmorphologysystemswhichlocate,identifyandpre-classifywhitebloodcells.

title:	Certifiable Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.certifiable.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareforPodiatryCertification.

title:	Credential Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intellisoftgroup.com%2F
desc:	Offeringcredentialingsoftwareavailableontheweborstandalone.Sitealsoincludescredentialingnews,healthcareandmedicalstaffforums,joblistings,andinformationaboutthesoftware.

title:	Dava Infotech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davainfotech.com%2F
desc:	Offeringaccountingsoftwareforvariouspharmaceuticalverticalmarkets.

title:	Digital Simplistics Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.speedscript.com%2F
desc:	Forretailpharmacies.Support,productdetails,andpharmaciesforsale.

title:	DOCS 2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.docs2000.net%2F
desc:	Doctorandmedicalstaffschedulingsoftwareandweb-basedapplication.

title:	The dTech Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dtechgroup.com%2F
desc:	Offerspatient,specimenandresultstrackingprogramsforhumanandanimalpathologylabs.

title:	Duxbury Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.duxburysystems.com%2F
desc:	Makessoftwareforbrailletranslation(conversionbetweenprintandbraille)andword-processing.TheDuxburyBrailleTranslator(DBT)canbeusedformanylanguagesandtechnicalspecialtycodes,includingEnglish,French,Spanish,Portuguese,Swahili,Arabicamongothers.

title:	Earth'sRemedy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fearthsremedy.theshoppe.com%2F
desc:	Homeremedieshomeopathysoftware.

title:	Easy Billing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easybillingsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Information,screenshotsanddownloadabledemonstrationavailableforthissystemformedicalpractices.USonly.AvailableforMacintoshorWindows.

title:	EHDP - Expert Health Data Programming, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehdp.com%2F
desc:	Healthdataandhealthstatisticsforhealthdataanalysis.Includessoftwareforpublichealthdata,software,analysis,statistics,epidemiology.

title:	EMDAT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emdat.com%2F
desc:	Offerswebbasedsoftwarefordictatingandviewingtranscriptions.

title:	EMS Dispatch Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mresnet.com%2F
desc:	MedicalResponseEmergencySoftwaredesignedasdispatchingsoftwaretoassistsmalltomediummedicaltransportationcompanies.Productinformation,screenshots,andtrainingsupport.

title:	Epic Systems Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epicsystems.com%2F
desc:	Developerofhealthcareinformationsystemsoffersproductoverview,executiveprofilesandcontactdetails.

title:	Eutech Cybernetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecyber.com%2F
desc:	OffersCopernicus,asystemwhichintegratesadministrative,billing,pharmaceuticalandclinicalfunctionality.

title:	Eversolve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eversolve.com%2F
desc:	OfferstheMedi7ParserToolkitforHL7compliance.Includespricing.

title:	Flash Code 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flashcode.com%2F
desc:	Offerselectronicdiagnosticcodingandcompliancesolutionswithdesktop,aspandintranetoptions.

title:	Forster and Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softwareinventors.com%2F
desc:	Medright,timeright,medicalsoftware,nursingcare,nursinghomeagencies,schedulingsoftware.

title:	Four Rivers Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frsoft.com%2F
desc:	TMSProandTMSProforHealthcare-Usedtomaintainfacilitiesequipmentandmanageservicecalls.

title:	FSA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dentalsoft.50megs.com%2F
desc:	Softwareforsmalltomidsizeddentallaboratories.

title:	Functional Therapy Activities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffunctionaltherapyactivities.com%2F
desc:	CD-ROMsoftwareforoccupationalandphysicaltherapistsinrehabilitation.

title:	Global Health 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.global-health.com%2F
desc:	Offerswebandnetworkbasedhealthinformationmanagementsystemsforsmalltolargeorganizations.Featuresproductdetails,brochuresandforums.

title:	Hardhats Around the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hardhats.org%2Findex.html
desc:	PromotesopensourceproductVistAdevelopedwithUSAVeteransAffairs.Ausercommunitythatisdevelopingthesoftwarefurther.Detailshowtodownload,howtojoingroupandlinkstoarticles.

title:	Health Care Software, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hcsinteractant.com%2F
desc:	Integratedclinicalandfinancialinformationsystemdesignedforthecontinuumofcare.Productoverviews,companyhistory,andcontactinformation.

title:	Health Intelligence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.health-intelligence.com%2F
desc:	CompanyoffersawiderangeofsoftwareandconsultancyservicestoHealthServicesintheUnitedKingdomandworldwide.Servicesoffercoverbothadministrativeandclinicinformationsystems.

title:	Health Profiler 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthprofiler.com%2F
desc:	Healthinformationsoftwarewhichcreateshealthrecords,andkeepsajournalofevents.

title:	Healthcare Data Exchange Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hdx.com%2F
desc:	Solutionsforelectronicmedicalinsuranceclaimverificationofbillinginformationusingelectronicdatainterchangeonpayernetworksforauthorizations.

title:	Healthcare Freeware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthcarefreeware.com%2F
desc:	Freevirtuallibraryofhundredsofdownloadablesoftwarepackages,databasesofinformation,andotherresourcesforhealthcareprofessionalsandthegeneralpublic.

title:	Healthcode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthcode.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKdeveloperoffersanEDIsystemwhichhandleselectronicmedicalbilling.

title:	Healthline Information Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthlineis.com%2F
desc:	ProvidersofdiagnosticdeviceinterfacestoMeditechHospitalInformationSystems.

title:	HealthSpace Integrated Solutions Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthspace.ca%2F
desc:	ProductivitysoftwareforenvironmentalhealthprofessionalsacrossNorthAmerica.

title:	Hemodynamic.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hemodynamic.com%2F
desc:	OffershemodynamicsimulationsoftwarefortranscranialDopplerandcerebralcirculation.

title:	HetrickInfoTech, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hetrickinfotech.com%2F
desc:	Offersstudenttrackingsoftwareforschoolnurses.Includesfeatures,frequentlyaskedquestions,andpricinginformation.

title:	Hipax Teleradiology System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hipax.de%2F
desc:	Ateleradiologyandtelemedicinesystemwhichoffersmedicalimaging,archiving,pointtopointtransmissionaswellasserversolutions.Imagesanddocumentscanbetransferredascompressedandencrypteddata.[English,German]

title:	HL7Connect 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hl7connect.com%2F
desc:	OffersanHL7InterfaceEnginedesignedtoprovideaneconomical,scalable,flexible,robustandeasytouseHL7messagingtool.

title:	ICANotes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icanotes.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwarewhichcreatespsychiatricprogressnotesandassessments.Featurespricingandcontactdetails.

title:	Inchware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inchware.co.uk%2F
desc:	Develops,marketsandsupportsasuiteofmedicalsoftwareapplicationsdesignedforusewithhandheldcomputersbyUKhealthcareprofessionals.

title:	Intellimed International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intellimed.com%2F
desc:	Providesasetofreportingtoolsformedicalpractices.

title:	iPath 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Fipath%2F
desc:	Offersaneasytouseframeworkfortelepathologyapplications.Includesdocumentationanddownload.

title:	Kent Homeopathic Associates, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kenthomeopathic.com%2F
desc:	HomeopathicsoftwareforProfessionalsaswellasbeginners.Asoftwaretooltoassistwithresearch.

title:	Lagniappe Pharmacy Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rxlps.com%2F
desc:	Pharmacysoftware/hardware,pointofsalesystems,medicalmanagementsoftware,andkeysystems.

title:	Lifeline Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifelinesoftware.com%2F
desc:	DoseCalcSoftware-NowaquickerandeasierwaytoperformMonitorUnitcalculations.

title:	Lightning Bolt Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lightning-bolt.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwarewhichautomaticallyschedulesmedicalstaff.

title:	Line Imaging Systems, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lineimaging.com%2F
desc:	Providesmodularteleradiologysoftware.Includesspecificationsheets.

title:	LUMEDX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lumedx.com%2F
desc:	Designsanddevelopscardiovascularinformationsystemsthatintegrateexistingcardiologyequipment.Featuresproductbrochures,screenshotsandservicelistings.

title:	MDinTouch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdintouch.com%2F
desc:	Offerstoolstohelpphysiciansusetheinternettomanageinteractionspatients.

title:	MEDCOM Information Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emirj.com%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyofsoftware-basedproductsandservicestohealthcareorganizations.

title:	MedCom Teleradiology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medcom.com.ar%2F
desc:	TeleradiologyandTelemedicineequipment.

title:	Morrisey Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morriseyonline.com%2F
desc:	Providerofcasemanagementandcredentialsoftwaretohospitalsandhealthcareorganizations.

title:	Numbers Only 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.numbersonly.com%2F
desc:	OfferswirelessandRFIDapplicationsinmaterialsmanagement,pointofcare,security,assetmanagement,medicationerrors,andhealthandnutrition.

title:	Omniwatch Nurse Call Monitor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omniwatchtech.com%2F
desc:	Retrofitsexistingnursecallsystemtoprovidecomputerreportingofcalllightactivityandalsoradiopaging

title:	Opti Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dhansystems.com%2F
desc:	Offersaccountingsoftwaredesignedfortheopticalindustry.

title:	Pacific Knowledge Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pks.com.au%2F
desc:	Offerspathologyreportinganddecisionmanagementsoftwareforlaboratoriesandclinics.

title:	Persyst Development Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eeg-persyst.com%2F
desc:	Offersdigitalelectroencephalographysoftwareforepilepsymonitoring,brainmapping,neurosurgicalapplications,andresearch.Featuresdownloadabletrialsoftware,sampledata,andclinicalapplicationsnotes.Prescott,Arizona,USA.

title:	Phases Rehab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phasesrehab.com%2F
desc:	Offersexerciseandrehabilitationsoftwareprogramsfordoctorsandtherapists.

title:	PocketPharma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medc.se%2F
desc:	Offersamobilesystemforpatientdiariesandqualityoflifequestionnaireswithinclinicaltrials.

title:	QS Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsinc.com%2F
desc:	Forpublichealthandvitalrecords.Products,history,andusergroups.

title:	QuadraMed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quadramed.com%2F
desc:	Web-enabledsoftwareandservicesolutionsforhealthcareinstitutions.HealthCareManagementTechnologyforhospitalsandhhysiciansintheUSandCanada.

title:	QuickPractice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quickpractice.com%2F
desc:	Multipracticeandproviderreadyforsmallandlargemedicalfacilities,3versionsavailable.Trialdownload,support,andonlineguide.

title:	Qumas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qumas.com%2F
desc:	Designsanddevelopsenterprisecompliancemanagementsolutionsforcompaniesinregulatedindustries,includingpharmaceutical,medicaldevices,biotechnologyandcontractresearchorganizations.

title:	RamSoft Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ramsoft.com%2F
desc:	ProvideswebbasedPACSandteleradiologysolutionsforimagingcentersandcommunityhospitals.Toronto,Canada.

title:	ReDoc Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Frehabdocumentation.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesclinicaldocumentationforPhysical,Occupational,andSpeechTherapistsatpoint-of-care.

title:	RxKinetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rxkinetics.com%2F
desc:	Pharmacokineticsforadultsandpediatrics,nutritionalsupport,andunitdoeslabels.Demonstration,updates,andproductdetails.

title:	RxNT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rxnt.com%2F
desc:	OfferssoftwaredevelopedtoallowphysicianstowriteelectronicprescriptionsfromanInternetreadyPCorPDAdevice.

title:	Rycan Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rycan.com%2F
desc:	Productsforremittancemaintenance,archiving,andsearching.Products,contacts,andsupport.

title:	Saferating 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saferating.com%2F
desc:	Softwaredeveloperscreatingsolutionsformedicalreportinginitiatives,patientsatisfactionsurveys,medicalerrorreporting.Demos,news,contacts,features,leadershipandsolutionsprovided.

title:	Sanguin International Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sanguin.com%2F
desc:	Specialistprogramsfortransfusionmedicineforinfectiousdiseasescreening,andplasmadonation.Productions,information,andnews.

title:	ScriptBase Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scriptbase.co.uk%2F
desc:	OfferssoftwaretomanageandprintdrugprescriptionsfordrugdependencyservicesintheUK.

title:	Simulations Plus, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.simulations-plus.com%2F
desc:	Developerofpharmaceuticalsoftwareforuseinresearchandeducation.

title:	Skyscape 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skyscape.com%2F
desc:	Mobileanddesktopdevicesreferencesoftwareforthemedicalcommunity.

title:	Spring Management Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.springmgmt.com%2F
desc:	OffersHCFAAMAevaluationandmanagementCPTdocumentationguidelinescompliancesoftware.

title:	St. Croix Systems/WOSYST 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stcroixsystems.com%2F
desc:	OffersWOSYSTsoftwareformedicalequipmentmanagement.

title:	Standing Stone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.standingstoneinc.com%2F
desc:	Developerofchronicdiseasemanagementsoftwaretohelppractitionersadministertherapy.

title:	Stedman's Medical Dictionaries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stedmans.com%2F
desc:	Electronicmedicaldictionary,spellcheckers,references,andmedicalclipartcollections.

title:	Strata Decision Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stratadecision.com%2F
desc:	Developmentofsoftwaretoolsanddecision-makingprocessesforfinancialandoperationaldecision-makersinthehealthcareindustry.

title:	Sullivan Cuff Software Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inrstar.co.uk%2F
desc:	SpecializinginWarfarindosingsoftwareforanticoagulationclinicsinbothprimaryandsecondarycare.Includesprograminformationandlinkstorelatedresources.

title:	SyMetric Sciences Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.symetric.ca%2F
desc:	Providesexpertmulti-axialstatisticalanalysis,SASprogramming,anddatamanagementservicesinsupportofclinicaltrialstudiesforresearchorganizations,andthepharmaceuticalandbiotechnologyindustries.

title:	Syntermed, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.syntermed.com%2F
desc:	Usedfortheprocessing,quantitation,interpretation,andreportingofmedicalimagesforallmedicalmodalities.Products,services,andcontacts.

title:	Tech Time Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techtimeinc.com%2F
desc:	Informationmanagementforsmallandruralhospitals.Products,services,andonlinedemonstration.

title:	Tele-Tracking Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teletracking.com%2F
desc:	Providerofautomatedbedmanagementandpatient/materialstransportsoftwareforhospitals.IncludeswhitepapersandFAQ.

title:	Telemis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.telemis.com%2F
desc:	ABelgium-basedcompanydevelopingtelemedicineandteleradiologysoftware,basedonstandardsinimagecompressionandinformationsecurity.

title:	Tendercare Institute of Medical Informatics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tendercare.com%2F
desc:	Completerangeofmedicalsoftwareapplicationsfornursinghomes,hospitals,laboratories,diagnosticcentersandmedicalpractitioners.

title:	TPA Computer Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tpacomputer.com%2F
desc:	DevelopscustomizedsoftwareapplicationsforTaftHartleyBenefitFunds.

title:	United BioSource Corporation (UBC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unitedbiosource.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsIVRandweb-basedtechnologiesforclinicaltrials,inventorymanagementandpatientdiaries.Servicesandlocations.

title:	Vertex Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vertexsystems.com%2F
desc:	Providesinformationmanagementsolutionstononprofitsthatservepeoplewithdisabilities.OffersintegratedandsupportedsoftwaresolutionsthathelpmeetfundingandregulatoryrequirementsforDOL,CARFandMedicaid.

title:	Vigil Integrated Care Management System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vigil.com%2F
desc:	Providesintegratedcaremanagementsoftwareandhardwareforlongtermcarefacilities.

title:	Vistar Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vistartech.com%2F
desc:	Credentialingprogram.Products,informationrequest,andcontacts.

title:	Welligent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.welligent.com%2F
desc:	Applicationserviceproviderfortheeducational,publicandprivatehealthcare.

title:	The White Stone Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twsg.com%2F
desc:	OffersVoiCert,whichstreamlinestheauthorization,precert,andconcurrentreviewprocess.

title:	Wisconsin Organizational Resource Consultants: WORCS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthworcs.com%2F
desc:	Managementconsulting,Windowsbasedproductivitysoftwaretohealthcareandotherorganizations,andschedulingsoftwareforoperatingrooms.

title:	Zircadian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zircadian.com%2F
desc:	UKcompanyprovidesNHStrustswithworkforceplanningandschedulingsoftware.

title:	ZyMed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHealthcare%2FComputing%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auditron.com%2F
desc:	HIPAAcompliantmedicalbillingsoftwareincludescertifiedclaimsubmission,electronicautomatedposting,encounterandreferraltracking,GUIappointmentschedulingandreports.

title:	AVD Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avd.nl%2F
desc:	AVDInternetServices,dekortstewegnaarInternet.

title:	Claranet Benelux 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.claranet.nl%2F
desc:	InternetprovidermetfaciliteiteninNederland,Engeland,Frankrijk,Duitsland,Spanje,enPortugal.Komtvoortuito.a.bArt,IAE,enViaNetworks.

title:	Cubic Circle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cuci.nl%2F
desc:	InternetprovideruitZuid-Limburg.

title:	Cybercomm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cybercomm.nl%2F
desc:	Internetprovider,waarmentegenlokalekostenkaninbellenvanuitgeheelNederland.

title:	DataWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dataweb.nl%2F
desc:	LandelijkwerkendeinternetprovidervoorDSLenanaloog,ookhostingenhuurlijnen.

title:	Delftnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delftnet.nl%2F
desc:	Internetproviderenmeer.

title:	Demon Internet NL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.demon.nl%2F
desc:	'Europa'sgrootsteenmeestervarenprovidervansnelleinbeltoegangtothetInternet'

title:	De Digitale Stad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.dds.nl%2F
desc:	EenvandeeerstevirtuelestedeninNederland.TegenwoordigeeninternetprovidermeteenbetaaldbasisinternetpakketenADSLopdiversesnelheden.

title:	Digitale Stad Eindhoven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dse.nl%2F
desc:	ProvidervoorEindhoven.

title:	Easynet Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easynet.com%2Fnl%2Fnl%2F
desc:	ZakelijkeInternetdiensten,vaninbelabonnemententothoogwaardigewebhosting,webdesign,huurlijnenenADSL.

title:	EuroNet Internet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.euronet.nl%2F
desc:	LandelijknetwerkvoorinbellenenDSL,ookhosting.

title:	Globe-e 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.global-e.nl%2F
desc:	Internet-ennetwerkprovidervoorinbellenenDSLuitGilze.

title:	HCCnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hccnet.nl%2F
desc:	GratisISPvoorledenvandeHCCcomputervereniging.

title:	IAF: Internet Access Facilities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iaf.nl%2F
desc:	Maatwerkprovidervoorinternettoegang.

title:	InterBox Internet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.box.nl%2F
desc:	Internetprovidervoorparticulierenenbedrijven,tevensdoenzewebhosting/design.

title:	Internet Limburg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilimburg.nl%2F
desc:	ProvidervoorbedrijvenenorganisatiesinLimburg.

title:	Kabelfoon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kabelfoon.nl%2F
desc:	InternetprovideruithetWestland,deverschillendeabonnementen:zakelijkenparticulier.

title:	Luna internet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luna.nl%2F
desc:	Internetdienstverleningvoorprofessionals

title:	Plex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plex.nl%2F
desc:	DegrootsteInternetserviceprovidervanNoord&Midden-LimburgenOostBrabant.

title:	Realhosting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Frealhosting.nl%2F
desc:	Aanbiedervanwebsitehosting,domeinregistratieenonlineback-up.

title:	Solcon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solcon.nl%2F
desc:	Internettoegangviaanaloog,ISDN,ADSLenglasvezel,vanuiteenChristelijkelevensvisie.

title:	UPC Live 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upclive.nl%2F
desc:	Breedbandinternetviadekabelindiversepakkettentegeneenvastemaandelijksevergoeding.

title:	WiWo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wiwo.nl%2F
desc:	DeeingeprovidermetalleenISDN-toegang.

title:	XS4ALL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xs4all.nl%2F
desc:	DeeerstepubliekeinternetproviderinNederland.

title:	ZeelandNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FComputers_en_Internet%2FInternet%2FToegang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zeelandnet.nl%2F
desc:	Deproviderdiemeerdoet.

title:	DIMDI - German Institute of Medical Documentation and Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dimdi.de%2F
desc:	Publishesofficialmedicalclassificationsandmaintainsmedicalterminologies,thesauri,nomenclaturesandcatalogues,developsandoperatesdatabase-supportedinformationsystemsfordrugsandmedicaldevicesandisresponsibleforaprogrammeofhealthtechnologyassessment.

title:	eHealth News EU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehealthnews.eu%2F
desc:	AEuropeaneHealthNewsPortal,RSSfeedsandnews.

title:	Health Informatics FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umsl.edu%2F%7Esauter%2Fhealth_informatics%2Fagenda.html
desc:	AnswerstovarioushealthinformaticsquestionsbyProfessorVickiSauter.

title:	HealthCyberMap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthcybermap.org%2F
desc:	Web-basedprojectstomaphealthinformationresourcesincyberspacetoimproveretrievalandnavigation.Rangeofpilotprojectsandevaluationquestionnaire.

title:	The Medical Algorithms Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medal.org%2F
desc:	Containschapterscoveringallmajormedicaltopics.Providescomputation,formula,survey,orlook-uptablesusefulinhealthcare.

title:	Wikipedia - Health Informatics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FHealth_informatics
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticleaboutthefieldincludingitshistory,policyinitiatives,lawandprofessionaljournals.

title:	Esperanto-eventoj en Irano 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FRegionoj%2FAzio%2FIrano&url=http%3A%2F%2Firespo.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	IranaEsperanto-Asocioinformasprisiaagado.

title:	Historio de Esperanto en Irano 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FRegionoj%2FAzio%2FIrano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistoriodeesperantoenirano.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Kolektodeartikolojenblogaformo.

title:	Iran-Esperanto Raportas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FRegionoj%2FAzio%2FIrano&url=http%3A%2F%2Firan_esperanto.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Raporto,eklipso,japanakaravano.

title:	Iran-Esperanto raportas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FRegionoj%2FAzio%2FIrano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Firano%2F
desc:	Dissendolistoprikulturo,movado,sociokajpolitikoenIrano.

title:	Irana Esperantista Junulara Organizo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FRegionoj%2FAzio%2FIrano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Firejo%2F
desc:	DissendolistodeIREJO.

title:	Irana Esperanto-Asocio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FRegionoj%2FAzio%2FIrano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Fireaoficejo%2F
desc:	KalendarodeprelegojenTehrano,ligilojalblogoj.

title:	Irana Esperanto-Centro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FRegionoj%2FAzio%2FIrano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.espiran.itgo.com%2F
desc:	Adresojkajkontaktoj.

title:	Iranaj Esperantistoj 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FRegionoj%2FAzio%2FIrano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Firanaj-esperantistoj%2F
desc:	Dissendolistoporplirapidigilakomunikadoninteriranajesperantistoj.

title:	Ecoinformatics.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FBiodiversity%2FInformatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecoinformatics.org%2F
desc:	Anonlinedataandinformationmanagementresourcethataimstoproducesoftware,systems,publications,andservicesthatarebeneficialtotheecologicalandenvironmentalsciences.

title:	Medizinische Kybernetik | Medical Cybernetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FCybernetics%2FK3_-_Applied_Cybernetics%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medical-cybernetics.de%2F
desc:	Scientificresourcesandeducationalmaterialformedicalcyberneticsandsystemstheory(UniversitiesofUlmandMunich,Germany).

title:	The Physiome Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FCybernetics%2FK3_-_Applied_Cybernetics%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physiome.org%2F
desc:	Anintegratedmulti-centricprogramtodesign,develop,implement,testanddocument,archiveanddisseminatequantitativeinformationandintegrativemodelsofthefunctionalbehavioroforganelles,cells,tissues,organs,andorganisms

title:	SPINA: Structure Parameter Inference Approach 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FCybernetics%2FK3_-_Applied_Cybernetics%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Flink.medinn.med.uni-muenchen.de%2Fspina%2Fen%2F
desc:	Referenceinformation,mailinglistandsoftwareonSPINA,amethodtocalculateconstantstructureparametersofendocrinefeedbackcontrolsystemsfromhormonelevelsobtainedinvivo.Afirstapplicationcoversthyroiddisorders.

title:	Arti 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FLogiciels%2FGestion%2FPME_et_PMI%2FProfessions_lib%C3%A9rales%2FJuridiques&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arti.fr%2F
desc:	Logicielsdegestionpourlescabinetsd'avocats.

title:	A Curriculum for Cybernetics and Systems Theory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FCybernetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.well.com%2Fuser%2Fabs%2Fcurriculum.html
desc:	Listofsuggestedbooks,periodicals,televisionshowsandcomputerprogramsforaclassroomcurriculumorindividualstudyincyberneticsandsystemstheory.

title:	Cybernetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FCybernetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fopen-site.org%2FScience%2FMathematics%2FApplied%2FCybernetics%2F
desc:	Aglossaryanddefinitions(includingweblinks)forcyberneticsattheOpenSiteEncyclopediaProject.

title:	Cybernetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FCybernetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcyberneticsworld.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Blogprovidinganintroductiontocyberneticswhichistheinterdisciplinarystudyofthestructureofregulatorysystemsandiscloselyrelatedtocontroltheoryandsystemstheory.

title:	Principia Cybernetica Web (PCP) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FCybernetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpespmc1.vub.ac.be%2F
desc:	Aninternationalprojecttodevelopaphilosophybasedontheprinciplesofcyberneticsandsupportedbycollaborativecomputertechnologies.

title:	Carbay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthailand.carbay.com%2F
desc:	Newandusedcarandmotorcyclepricesandspecifications[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Chevrolet Sales (Thailand) Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chevrolet.co.th%2F
desc:	SubsidiaryofGeneralMotors.Featuresvehicles,companybackground,services,andnews.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Ford Sales & Service (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ford.co.th%2F
desc:	Carmodels,services,membership,drivingtips,andcorporateinformation.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Hino Motors Sales (Thailand) Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hinothailand.com%2F
desc:	Distributoroftrucks,buses,andspareparts.[Thai,English]

title:	Honda Automobile (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.honda.co.th%2F
desc:	Informationforcarowner,dealernetwork,technology,andcarmodels.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Hyundai Motor (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyundai-motor.co.th%2F
desc:	Informationforpassenger,recreational,andcommercialvehicles.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Mazda Sales (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mazda.co.th%2F
desc:	Providescarmodels,dealernetwork,news,andzoom-zoomsociety.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Meguiar's (Thailand) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meguiars.co.th%2F
desc:	Offersautomotivecleaningproductsandequipmentwithservicecentersnationwide.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Mercedes-Benz (Thailand) Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mercedes-benz.co.th%2F
desc:	Providesmodeloverview,services,accessories,dealernetwork,andcorporateinformation.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Mini (Thailand) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mini.co.th%2F
desc:	Modelspecifications,galleries,events,services,anddealernetwork.

title:	Nissan Motor (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nissan.co.th%2F
desc:	Showcasesvehicles,companyprofile,andservices.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	TATA Motors (Thailand) Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tatamotors.co.th%2F
desc:	JointventurebetweenTataandThonburiAutomotiveAssemblyPlant.Featurescarmodels.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Thairung Union Car PCL. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thairung.co.th%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofcarparts,vehicledealerships,andrealestatebusiness.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Toyota Motors (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FAutomotive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toyota.co.th%2F
desc:	Containsmodelinformation,socialcontribution,innovation,andsalesnetwork.[InThaiandEnglish]

title:	Alberta Netcare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albertanetcare.ca%2F
desc:	Electronichealthrecordprojectdevelopinganintegratedsystem-widehealthrecord.

title:	American Medical Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanmedicalsolution.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsandsupportsEHRandpracticemanagementsolutionssoftware,andphysicianservicesforhealthcareprofessionals.

title:	Bluespier International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bluespier.com%2F
desc:	Developsandsupportsclinicalinformationsystems,EHRandpracticemanagementsoftware.Siteoffersclientlogin,knowledgebase,softwaresupportservices.

title:	Cerner Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cerner.com%2F
desc:	Electronichealthrecordsystemforhospitals,healthcareproviders,clinics.

title:	ChangeMed Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.changemed.com%2F
desc:	AmedicalbillingandhealthcareITservicesandsupportcompany.

title:	ChartNet Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chartnettech.com%2F
desc:	Develops,supports,providescompletemedicaltranscriptionsolutionsforhealthcaredictationandtranscriptiontechnologyneeds.

title:	CliniComp, Intl. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clinicomp.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsandsupportsEssentrisEHRelectronichealthrecords,providesinformationonproductsandsupport,andcontactinformation.

title:	Comtron Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medgenehr.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsandsupportsMedgenfreeElectronicHealthRecordSystem.Siteoffersdemo,clientlogin,support,faq,andcertificationinformation.

title:	CPSI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpsi.com%2F
desc:	Developsandmaintainselectronichealthrecord(EHR)systemsforrural,communityandcriticalaccesshospitals.Containssysteminformation,clientlogin,andsystemsupport.

title:	CureMD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.curemd.com%2F
desc:	Providesaweb-basedEMR(ElectronicMedicalRecords)softwaresystem,medicalbillingservices,andpatientportalsforhealthcarefacilitiesandpractices.

title:	Easy PC Solutions, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easy-pc-solutions.com%2F
desc:	Technicalsupportandsoftwareconsultingforelectroniccharting,billingsoftware,electronicprocessing,andbillingmanagement.

title:	EHR Software Consultants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehr-software.net%2F
desc:	OffersElectronicHealthRecordsoftwareconsultingsolutionstomedicalpracticesnationwide.

title:	EHRscope, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehrscope.com%2F
desc:	MaintainsasearchabledatabaseofEHRcompaniesandproducts.Providesfreeaccesstodatabase,consultationservicesandself-serviceeducationalmaterials.

title:	Epic Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epic.com%2F
desc:	ElectronicHealthRecordsoftwareformid-sizeandlargemedicalgroups,hospitalsandintegratedhealthcareorganizations.

title:	FatPipe Telemedicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fatpipetelemedicine.com%2F
desc:	Providesnetworkingofvariousdeliverynodesanddigitizationofpatients'MedicalRecords

title:	Foothold Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffootholdtechnology.com%2F
desc:	CertifiedElectronicHealthRecordsandbehavioralhealthsoftwaredevelopedfromthehumanservicessector.

title:	Free EMR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emrworkforce.com%2F
desc:	Provideshealthcaremanagementconsultingservices,practicemanagementservices.

title:	Healthcare Technology Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthtechsys.com%2F
desc:	Developsandprovidesclinicalinteractivevoiceresponsesystems(IVRS)tocollectdatadirectlyfrompatientsforpharmaceuticalcompanies,healthcareorganizations,andresearchers.Includesinformation,educationalmaterials,andclientlogin.

title:	HealthFusion, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhealthfusion.com%2F
desc:	Develops,supportsMediTouchEHRandbillingsoftwareforhealthcarepractices,facilities.Offersinformation,support,customeraccountaccess,companyblogandcontactinformation.

title:	Hello Health 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhellohealth.com%2F
desc:	NYbasedsoftwaredeveloperandvendoroffreeEHRforthepractice,apersonalhealthportalforpatients,andasuiteofonlinecommunicationtools.

title:	HemiData, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hemidata.com%2F
desc:	Awebbasedelectronicmedicalrecordsystemthatallowsclinicalprofessionalssecureaccesstotheirpatientrecords.

title:	HIMSS EHR Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.himssehra.org%2F
desc:	AtradeassociationofElectronicHealthRecord(EHR)companies,addressingnationaleffortstocreateinteroperableEHRsinhospitalandambulatorycaresettings.Siteoffersinformationonmembership,guidelines,codeofconduct,andadditionalinformation.

title:	HL7 Electronic Health Record Functional Model and Standard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hl7.org%2FEHR%2F
desc:	DetailsdetailandmembershipinformationforthisEHRmodeldevelopment.Includesdetailsofballotingdocument,signupandlog-inprocesses.Includesadocumentcenter,minutesarea,presentations,pressreleases,FAQs,glossary,eventscalendarandrelatedlinks.

title:	iClinicWorld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iclinicworld.com%2F
desc:	SiteprovidesonlinehealthcareITrecordsandsalesformedicalsoftware.Offersservicestomaintainelectronicmedicalrecordsforfacilitiesandindividuals.BasedinAbuDhabi,sitecontainsservicedescription,productinformation,andcompanyinformation.

title:	Integra IT Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitlv.com%2F
desc:	LasVegasbasedproviderofmedicalsoftware,medicalbillingandlocalhealthcareITsupport.

title:	Intelligent ID 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftegoh.com%2F
desc:	Siteoffersendpointmonitoringandprotectionsoftwaresolutionsforhealthcarefacilities.Siteincludesproductioninformation,descriptionsofservices,clientarea,andcontactinformationandform.

title:	Jamaica MD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jamaicamd.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsandprovidespackagessolutionsandproductsforhealthcareprovidersandphysiciansinJamaica.

title:	Mana Health, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.manahealth.com%2F
desc:	OffersapatientportalanddataplatformthatareMU2ONCcertifiedfor2014.Siteoffersdescriptionofsoftware,clientsignupandservices,companyinformationandcontactform.

title:	McKesson Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mckesson.com%2F
desc:	Apharmaceuticaldistributorandhealthcareinformationtechnologycompany.Provideselectronichealthrecordssystemsformedicalsupplymanagement,clinicalworkflow,practicemanagement,pharmacyautomationandcaremanagement.

title:	MeadWestvaco Corp. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mwvaardex.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwaresolutionstoimproveaccuracyofclinicaltrials,medicationadherence.Siteoffersproductandcompanyinformation,contactform,andcompanynewsupdates.

title:	Med e-Care 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mede-care.com%2F
desc:	CanadiansoftwarecorporationprovidesafullplatformwithanintegratedElectronicHealthRecord(EHR)system,inFrenchandEnglish.Long-termcarerecordsystemforphysiciansandhealthcareorganizations.

title:	Meditech Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.meditech.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperandvendorofElectronicHealthRecord(EHR)systemsforhealthcarefacilitiesandmedicalpractices.Includesindustryinformation,eventlistings,andcareeropportunities.

title:	Midwife Practice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.midwifepractice.com%2F
desc:	EMRandEHRsoftwareformidwivesandbirthcenters.Includesinformationonservicesandpricing.

title:	Mosaica Partners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmosaicapartners.com%2F
desc:	Aconsultingfirmthatspecializesinadvisingandworkingwithstates,regions,andcommunitiesintheplanning,developmentandmanagementofhealthinformationexchanges.

title:	MyDoctorsChart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mydoctorschart.com%2F
desc:	Awebbasedelectronichealthrecordsoftwareformedicalpractices.

title:	Myehealth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myehealth.in%2F
desc:	SiteoffersmedicalrecordcloudstoragesolutionsfromIndia.Containsinformationonproducts,company,contact,andcustomerloginarea.

title:	Nortec Sofwtare Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nortecehr.com%2F
desc:	Developsandsupportssoftwareforpracticemanagementsystem,electronicmedicalrecord,e-prescription,patientportalandelectronicbilling.

title:	ODOS Industries, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Femreyes.com%2F
desc:	Developsandsupportselectronicmedicalrecordssystemforophthalmologistsandoptometrists.Containsproductinformation,features,blog,customertestimonials.

title:	OpenEHR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.openehr.org%2F
desc:	OffersopencoderesourcesforEHRdevelopmenttoprogrammersandinterfacedevelopers.Includesprofilesofthefoundationandboardmembers,membershipdetails,linkstoadditionalinformation,andsourcecodedownloads.

title:	Physician Revenue Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physicianrevenueservices.com%2F
desc:	Offerssemi-freeEHRsystem,practicemanagementandmedicalbilling,codingservices.

title:	Practice Champions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.practicechampions.com%2F
desc:	ProvideselectronichealthrecordssoftwareasaGreenwayHealthcareresellerwithITservices.Alsoprovideslocaltraining,implementationandsupportservices.

title:	Practice Suite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.practicesuite.com%2F
desc:	Provideson-demandorcloudcomputingElectronicMedicalRecords,scheduling,andbillingsoftwareformedicalclinicsandprivatepractices.

title:	Practice Velocity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.practicevelocity.com%2F
desc:	Urgentcareandbillingelectronichealthrecordsoftware.Web-basedelectronichealthrecordisdesignedforuseinurgentcarecentersandoccupationalhealthclinics.

title:	Praxis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpraxisemr.com%2F
desc:	Siteofferselectronicmedicalrecordsoftwaresolutionsforhealthcarefacilitiesandproviders.Siteincludesproductinformation,pricing,clientarea,andcompanycontactinformation.

title:	PsyTech Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psytechsolutions.net%2F
desc:	Developsandprovidesbehavioralhealthelectronicmedicalrecord(EMR)systemsandhealthcaremanagementsoftware.

title:	Razor Insights 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.razorinsights.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsandsupportsEHRsolutionsforhospitals.Siteoffersinformation,solutions,blog,andresources.

title:	Records For Living, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.recordsforliving.com%2FHealthFrame%2F
desc:	Developsandprovidesapersonalhealthrecordmanagementsystemforindividualsandhealthcareproviders.

title:	Sevocity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FInformatics%2FProducts_and_Services%2FElectronic_Health_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sevocity.com%2F
desc:	Develops,providesandsupportsbiotechnologyandmedicalinformaticsservicesandsolutions,electronichealthrecordsystems.

title:	Dik Peeters. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FUiterlijk%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdikpeeters.nl%2F
desc:	OpleidingsinstituutinAmsterdamvoorvisagie,haarstylingenmake-up.Biedttevenscursussenopditgebiedaan.

title:	Faces 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FUiterlijk%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grimeopleiding.nl%2F
desc:	EenoverzichtvanhetaanbodcursussengrimerenendevakopleidingGrime.

title:	hair and beauty academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FUiterlijk%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hairandbeautyacademy.nl%2F
desc:	Hairandbeautycursussen.

title:	Instituut-Thomas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FUiterlijk%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.instituut-thomas.nl%2F
desc:	MBOenHBOopleidingenuiterlijkeverzorging.Informatieoveropleidingenenlocaties.

title:	IVS Opleidingen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FUiterlijk%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ivsopleidingen.nl%2F
desc:	Opleidingsinstituutophetgebiedvanlichaamsverzorgende-entherapeutischeberoepen.

title:	Studio New Look 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FUiterlijk%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstudionewlook.nl%2F
desc:	VisagieopleidingenenbehandelingeninHaarlem.

title:	De Visagieschool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FUiterlijk%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.devisagieschool.nl%2F
desc:	Vakgerichteopleidingenencursussenvisagie,grimeenhairstylinginAmsterdam,Breda,DenHaagenNijmegen.

title:	BehindTheChair.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.behindthechair.com%2F
desc:	Sitegearedtowardsbeautyindustry.Includesbusinessresources,salonindustrynews,classlocator,educationalvideoon-demandstreamingandjobpostingsforbeautyindustryprofessionalsandstudentcosmetologists.

title:	Cosmetology Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cosmetology-schools.ws%2F
desc:	GuidetoCosmetologyeducationincludingadirectoryofmakeupartistschoolsandinformationabouttheCosmetologyindustry.Searchforschoolsandrequestfreeinformation

title:	Federico College of Hairstyling 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.federico.edu%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesinhair(cosmetology),skin(esthetics),nails(manicuring),andmassagetherapy.LocatedinSacramento,CA.

title:	Forest Nail & Beauty Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forestnailandbeautycentre.co.uk%2F
desc:	Informationontrainingcenterofferingnailtechniciancourses.LocatedinLeicester,England.

title:	Hair Design Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hairdesigncentre.com%2F
desc:	SchoollocatedinHalifax,NovaScotia,Canadaoffersmakeupartistryandhairdesignprograms.

title:	Hairdresser Career Development Training System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhcds4you.com%2F
desc:	Nationallyrecognizededucationalandtrainingsystemforstylists,hairdressersandsalonowners.

title:	Interior Academy of Hair Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interioracademy.com%2F
desc:	Beautyschoolofferscoursesinhairdressing,estheticsandnailsinKamloopsBCCanada.Alsoprovideshairdressingservices,estheticservicesandnailservices.

title:	Mr. Barber Training Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrbarber.co.nz%2F
desc:	Aucklandbasedcentreofferingstudentstheopportunitytolearnbarberingskillsandtechniques.

title:	Next Step Nail and Beauty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.totallybeauty.co.uk%2F
desc:	AbeautycollegeofferingaccreditedcoursesthroughouttheUKinvariouslocations.Containscoursedetails,testimonialsandkitsales.

title:	Oregon Board of Cosmetology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oregon.gov%2FOHLA%2FCOS%2Fcosoverview.shtml
desc:	WebsiteoftheOregonBoardofCosmetologyoffice.

title:	Paramita Academy of Makeup Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paramita.ca%2F
desc:	LocatedinToronto,Ontario,andofferingatwomonthcourse.Includesinstructorbiography,testimonials,andonlineregistration.

title:	Petra Alexander, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petraalexandra.com%2F
desc:	InformationregardingafaithdrivenschoolandcompanylocatedinNewYorkofferingcoursesinlearningtheartofmakeup.

title:	Pivot Point International, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pivot-point.com%2F
desc:	Educationalstructureforhairandbeautyeducation,withdirectoryofmemberschoolsandproducts.

title:	Skin Inc. Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skininc.com%2F
desc:	Officialwebsiteforestheticians,salonandspaprofessionals,andskincareproductmanufacturersandsuppliers.

title:	Taylor Andrews Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taylorandrew.com%2F
desc:	Cosmetologyschoolthattrainsonhairstyling,nailcareservices,andmakeupartistry.ClosetoSaltLakeCity,Utah,UnitedStates.

title:	Vicki Morgenstern's Guide to Makeup Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.makeupartistschools.net%2F
desc:	OnlineguideprovidinginformationforcomparingmakeupschoolsintheU.S.andCanadabasedoninterviewswiththedirectorsofthetrainingcenters.

title:	Waverley Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.academy.ie%2F
desc:	Offeringpart-timeandfull-timemassage,fitnessandbeauticiancoursesatseverallocationsinDublin,Ireland.Includesdetailsofdiplomaprograms,withFAQandtestimonials.

title:	Full Circle Registry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fullcircleregistry.com%2F
desc:	Provideslivingwillsatnocosttoallwhorequestthem;storesyourmedicalrecordsandemergencymedicalinformationforimmediatedownloadbyhealthcareprofessionalsworldwide.

title:	GTI  Patient Power 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgtipatientpower.com%2F
desc:	Allowsaconsumertocreateapersonalmedicalfolder.Itassistsmedicalpractitionerstoquicklyreviewkeymedicalinformation,andmoreaccuratelytreatapatient,particularlyinanemergency.

title:	Health Records for Families 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhealth_records.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Guidetokeepingyourownhealthrecordsonline.

title:	Healthgram 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthgram.com%2F
desc:	Portablehealthrecordtostorepersonalhealthinformationandtestresultsinasafeandsecureway.

title:	K.I.S. Medical Record Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkismedicalrecords.com%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthecompanyanditsservicesprovided.Includesanintroduction,fees,FAQsandcontactdetails.

title:	Medical I. D Card 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fbiz5%2Fangelcaretwo%2F
desc:	Awalletsizecardwithyourmedicalinformationthatcanmeanthedifferencebetweenlifeanddeathduringanemergencysituation.

title:	MedNotice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mednotice.com%2F
desc:	Providessecureonlinestorageandretrievalofadvancemedicaldirectivesandemergencymedicaldocuments.

title:	MedXchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medxchange.org%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheservicesofferedwhichincludeahealthportfolio,medicaldataandsecurityandsafety.Givesbenefits,costsandtermsandconditions.

title:	People Chart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peoplechart.com%2F
desc:	Providesaservicethathelpspatientsgatherandusetheirmedicalrecordstoimprovetheirhealthcareathomeandwhiletraveling.

title:	Personal Medical ID Card 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FServices%2FHealth_Records_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tnlink.com%2Fmedcard
desc:	Cardsummarizesanindividual'shealthrecordsregardingthenameandstrengthofyourmedicationsandwhytheyareprescribed.

title:	American Institute of Permanent Makeup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools%2FPermanent_Cosmetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.permanent-makeup.net%2F
desc:	Providingmonthlytrainingclassesforthosewishingtopursueacareerintheexcitingfieldofmicropigmentation.

title:	Dermatec International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools%2FPermanent_Cosmetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dermatecinternational.com%2F
desc:	Providesworldwidetraininginpermanentandreconstructivecosmetics,withdetailsofclassesandlistofproducts.HeadquartersinLasVegas,Nevada,USA.

title:	DermaTech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools%2FPermanent_Cosmetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dermatechpermanentcosmetics.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinEastWenache,Washington,USAandofferinga50hourcourse.Includescredentials,FAQ,andclassdetails.

title:	Esthetics Academy  of South Texas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools%2FPermanent_Cosmetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.permanent-cosmetics-training.com%2F
desc:	PermanentcosmeticstrainingandcertificationclassesinSanAntonio,Texas.

title:	Face Up Aesthetics Institute, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools%2FPermanent_Cosmetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.faceupaestheticsinstitute.com%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsofcoursesandstaff,withtestimonialsandonlineregistration.Canton,Ohio,USA.

title:	John Hashey's Advanced School of Permanent Makeup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools%2FPermanent_Cosmetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hashey.com%2F
desc:	Featurestrainingschedule,testimonials,staffprofile,andonlinesales.Oldsmar,Florida,USA.

title:	National Academy of Permanent Cosmetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools%2FPermanent_Cosmetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.permanentmakeup.org%2F
desc:	BasedinFlorence,Montana,USA,andofferingcoursesinsixstates.PresentsstaffprofilesandFAQ.

title:	Permanent Cosmetics Institute, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FBeauty%2FSchools%2FPermanent_Cosmetics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.permanentcosmeticsinstitute.com%2F
desc:	OfferingtrainingcoursesinseverallocationsintheUSA,withstaffbiography,courseschedule,photographs,andonlinesales.

title:	EHBO en Reanimatie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.kpn.nl%2Fron.prins%2F
desc:	Algemeneinformatieoverdezecursussen.GevestigdteApeldoorn.

title:	Focuscentrum Den Haag 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.focussen.nl%2Findex.html
desc:	Cursussenopalleniveaus,vanbasiscursustotenmetopleidingtotfocustrainer.

title:	Instituut Beleid en Management Gezondheidszorg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmg.eur.nl%2F
desc:	DitwetenschappelijkinstituutisonderdeelvandeErasmusUniversiteitRotterdamendoetnaasthetopleidenvanstudentenveelonderzoeknaarbeleidenmanagementindegezondheidszorginNederland.

title:	Leffelaar opleidingen en veerman college 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leffelaar.nl%2F
desc:	MBOenHBOopleidingenencursussenophetgebiedvanparamedischegezondheidszorg.Infooverdediversestudierichtingen.

title:	Paramedical Assistance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paramedicalassistance.be%2F
desc:	ParamedicalAssistancegeeftlevensreddendecursussen;E.H.B.O,reanimatie,traumaenparamedischeinterventies.

title:	Reanimatie Onderwijs Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.kpn.nl%2Fuffin015%2F
desc:	Informatieoverreanimatie(basiclifesupportengebruikAED)eninstructeursopleidingen(erkenddoordeNederlandseReanimatieRaad).

title:	Sector Gezondheidszorg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.han.nl%2Fgebied%2Fgezondheid%2F
desc:	DezefaculteitvandeHogeschoolvanArnhemenNijmegenbiedtverschillendehogereberoepsopleidingenaanophetgebiedvangezondheidszorg,sport-engezondheidsmanagement.

title:	Stichting Vakopleiding Gezondheidstechnische Beroepen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svgb.nl%2F
desc:	Landelijkcentrumvooropleiding,scholing,trainingenexamensvoorbedrijfsleven,cursistenenscholeningezondheidstechnischeenambachtelijkesectoren.

title:	Vlaams Instituut voor Gezondheidspromotie en Ziektepreventie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vigez.be%2F
desc:	Informatie,nieuwsenopleidingenronddegezondheidsthema'svoeding,bewegingensedentairgedrag,tabak,(geestelijke)gezondheidsbevorderingen-ongelijkheid.

title:	Wisian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wisian.nl%2F
desc:	Opleidingsburovoormensendiewerkenindegeestelijkegezondheidszorg.

title:	Federal Signal Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FSpecialized_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffederalsignal.com%2F
desc:	Makersofsafety,signalingandcommunicationsequipment,environmentalvehicles,andmachinerycomponents.Informationonproductgroups,investorrelationsandcareers.

title:	PK Van Bodies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FSpecialized_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pkvans.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofvanbodiesfortrucksandcutawaychassis-firerescues,televisionproductionmobiles,policevehiclesandotherspecialtyvehicles.

title:	Spartan Motors, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FSpecialized_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spartanmotors.com%2F
desc:	Designs,manufacturesandmarketscustomchassiswhichconsistofframeassembly,engines,transmissions,electricalsystemsandrunninggearsforfiretrucks,motorhomes,schoolandtransitbusesandspecialtyvehiclechassis.(Nasdaq:SPAR).

title:	Specialised Vehicle Manufacturers Queensland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FSpecialized_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svmqld.com.au%2F
desc:	Customdesignedvehiclesformanyapplicationsincludingambulances,firetrucks,andmobilehealthclinics.

title:	Adventure Medical Kits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adventuremedicalkits.com%2F
desc:	Firstaidkitsforwildernessmedicine,familyoutings,travel,sportsandhomeemergencies.

title:	Bostock Health Care 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bostockhealthcare.com%2F
desc:	FirstAidsupplies,training,andkitsoffered.

title:	By Dezign Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bydezignproducts.com%2F
desc:	Offersfirstaidkitsandsupplies.Alsoincludesfundraisingideasusingfirstaidkitsforschoolsandotherorganizations.

title:	CPR Savers and First Aid Supply 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpr-savers.com%2F
desc:	Offersfirstaidkitsandemergencysuppliesforindividualsandbusinesses.

title:	Crisis Management Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allthingsfirstaid.com%2F
desc:	Offersalargeselectionofcustomfirstaidsupplies.

title:	Fieldtex Products, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-firstaidsupplies.com%2F
desc:	Includesplasticandmetalfirstaidkitsforpersonal,sports,industrial,andEMTuse.

title:	First Aid and Safety Online.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstaidandsafetyonline.com%2F
desc:	Offeringfirstaidsuppliesandsafetyproducts,suchasburntreatmentkits,protectivecreams,firstaidstationsandcabinets,andtraumakits.

title:	First Aid Products Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffirstaidproductsonline.com%2F
desc:	Industrial,specialty,travel,EMT/Responderandsportskits.Alsowoundcare,medicinals,gloves,masks,outdoorcareproducts,eyeirrigatingsolutions,tonguedepressors,andcoldpacks.

title:	First Aid Supplies Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstaidsuppliesonline.com%2F
desc:	Firstaidsuppliesonlineforwork,homeorplay.

title:	First-Aid-Product.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.first-aid-product.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinavarietyoffirstaidanddisastersurvivalkitsandsuppliesforfamiliesandbusinesses.

title:	HCS First Aid Kits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fca6%2FHCSFirstAidKits%2F
desc:	FirstaidkitsfromHesperiaChristianSchool'ssportsmed.class.Orderbye-mail.

title:	Rid-A-Tick, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHome_and_Garden%2FEmergency_Supplies%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rid-a-tick.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinmedicalpatchesdesignedtoeasilyremovewoodticksanddeerticksfrompeopleandpetswithouttheuseoftweezers.

title:	Alamo Rent A Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alamo.com%2F
desc:	Providingreservations,priceandavailabilitychecks.

title:	Avis Rent A Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avis.com%2F
desc:	Providinginformationforleisureandcorporatetravel,worldwide,includingthefleetbycountry,drivingmaps,rentalrates,andon-linebooking.

title:	Classic Car Hire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classiccarhire.co.uk%2F
desc:	LuxuryrentalservicesinEurope,Australia,NewZealandandSouthAfrica.Includescompanyprofile,prices,andspecialservices.

title:	Dollar Rent A Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dollar.com%2F
desc:	Providesonlinecarrentalquotesandreservations.

title:	Enterprise Rent-A-Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.enterprise.com%2F
desc:	OfferingcarrentalswithlocationsthroughouttheUS,Canada,theUK,Ireland,andGermany.

title:	Hertz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hertz.com%2F
desc:	Rentsandleasescars,trucks,andequipment.International.Onlinebooking.Informationforbusinesses.

title:	National Car Rental 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalcar.com%2F
desc:	Ratequotesandreservations.

title:	Payless Car Rental 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paylesscar.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesonlinecarrentalreservationsforrentalsintheUS,Canada,Europe,Mexico,theMiddleEast,andtheCaribbean.

title:	Rent-A-Wreck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rentawreck.com%2F
desc:	Offersusedcarrentalandleasing.

title:	Thrifty Car Rental 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thrifty.com%2F
desc:	Onlineratesandreservations,worldwidelocations,andpromotions.

title:	Express Car Pte Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.expresscar.com.sg%2F
desc:	Carrentalservicesproviderwithvarioustypesofcarsforrent

title:	MotorWay Car Rentals Pte Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motorway.com.sg%2F
desc:	Providerofcarrentalandleasingwithinformationonbuying,sellinganddrivinginSingapore.

title:	San's Tours 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sanstours.com%2F
desc:	Car,busandlimousinecharterandrentalservices

title:	Acadian On Call 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.acadianoncall.com%2F
desc:	Allowstwo-waycommunicationwithmedicallytrainedprofessionalsavailabletoassist24hoursaday,sevendaysaweek.

title:	ADT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adt.com%2Fmedical-alert
desc:	MedicalalertsystemsbyADTSecuritycompany.

title:	AlarmForce Industries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myalarmcare.com%2F
desc:	Medicalemergencyalarmandelderlypendantsfordifferentseniorneeds.

title:	AlertOne Services, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alert-1.com%2F
desc:	Offersamonitoredmedicalalarmsystemwithoptionalvoiceextenders,buttons,andkeyboxes.

title:	American Medical Alarms, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanmedicalalarms.com%2F
desc:	Offerspushbuttonalarmsystemswithlongrangetransmittersandradios,includingonethatworkswithDSL.Monthlybilling.

title:	Bay Alarm Medical 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bayalarmmedical.com%2F
desc:	Medicalalertsystemsforseniorcare.

title:	Blue Star Service Solutions, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bluestarhonorcare.com%2F
desc:	Medicalalertsystemsandothersafetyandhealthproducts,comprehensiveveteranandseniorcareresources.

title:	CVS Medical Alert Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medicalalertsystem.com%2F
desc:	Providespharmacyapprovedsystemsforseniorcareandfamilysecurity.

title:	EM24 Alert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.em24alert.com%2F
desc:	Offeringamedicalalertandalarmsystemthatallowsseniorstocallforhelpatthepushofabutton.

title:	Family Care 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.familycaremedicalalarms.com%2F
desc:	Providerofmedicalalertserviceandsystemsforseniorsthatneedmedicalalarmserviceintheirhome.

title:	Help-Now 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhelp-now.ca%2F
desc:	Offersstateoftheartmedicalmonitoringandsystems.GPSandcellularbasedmobilemedicalalertandfalldetectors.

title:	Home Buddy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.homebuddy.org%2F
desc:	Providesavarietyofmedicalalertoptionsandmedicationdispensers.

title:	Home Support Services, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helplinemedicalalert.com%2F
desc:	HelpLinemedicalalertsystemsaredesignedforpeoplewholivealone(orarealoneforextendedperiodsoftime)andmayhavedifficultyreachingaphoneduringanemergency.

title:	Life Alarm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Flife-alarm.com%2F
desc:	Offersamedicalalarmsystemwithmonthlyandquarterlymonitoringfees.

title:	LifeCall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifecall.ca%2F
desc:	Awirelesspersonalmedicalalarmconsistingofabuilt-intwo-wayvoicecommunicatorunitandapersonalhelpbutton.

title:	LifeFone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifefone.com%2F
desc:	Offersamedicalalarmsystemwithoptionallongrangetransmitter,additionalpendantsandwall-mountedbuttons,andlockboxes.Quarterlyandannualbilling.

title:	LifeRun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liferun.com%2F
desc:	Thecompany'smulti-facetemergencymedicalalertsystemdevicewithaccreditedUnderwritersLaboratoriesEmergencymonitoringcenter.

title:	LifeStation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifestation.com%2F
desc:	SeniormedicalalertsystemwithitsownULlistedmonitoringcenter.

title:	Matrix Interactive LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.callforassistance.com%2F
desc:	Theyofferalltypeofmedicalalertproductsforelderlypeople.

title:	MedFirst Alert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmedfirstalert.com%2F
desc:	Medicalalertsystemdesignedtohelpseniorcitizenslivingaloneandpeoplewithdisabilitiesmaintaintheirindependenceandsafety.

title:	Medical Care Alert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medicalcarealert.com%2F
desc:	Offersmedicalalertsystemswith24/7monitoringforseniorcitizensinall50states.

title:	Medical Guardian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.medicalguardian.com%2F
desc:	Medicalalarmsystemscompanywithdifferentoptionsforseniors.

title:	My Personal Response 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mypersonalresponse.com%2F
desc:	Medicalalertsystemprovider,offeringsalesandrentalofmonitoringsystems,first-classcustomerservice,support,andstate-of-the-art24-hourmonitoringcenter.

title:	New England Emergency Response Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neers.com%2F
desc:	Offersamedicalalarmsystembilledmonthly,lockboxes,anddailymedication,wellness,andremindercalls.

title:	One Call Alert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onecallmedicalalert.com%2F
desc:	Thecompanyprovidesmedicalalertmonitoringtoolderseniorsandthoseatriskoffallingwhowishtoremainlivingindependentlyintheirhome.

title:	Philips Lifeline 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifeline.philips.com%2F
desc:	Offersmedicalalarmsystemsincludingsystemsthatdetectsfallsandworkwithcordlessphones.Alsooffersamonitoredmedicationdisperserservice.

title:	Pioneer Emergency Response Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpioneeremergency.com%2F
desc:	Offersamedicalalertsystemwithasecurelockboxthatallowsentrancetothehomewithoutdamagingdoorsandbillingonamonthlybasis.

title:	Prime Medical Alert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.primemedicalalert.com%2F
desc:	Offersmedicalalertsystems.BasedinPhoenix,Arizona,butservingclientsnationwide.

title:	QMedic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qmedichealth.com%2F
desc:	Simple,smartmedicalalertservicethatintelligentlyroutesalertstokeepcareaboutseniorsinnetworkandathome.

title:	Rapid Response Medical Alarms, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medi-alert.com%2F
desc:	Offersamedicalalarmsystemwithoptionalinactivitydetection,smokealarms,andlockboxes.Minimumserviceofsixmonthsfollowedbymonthly,quarterlyorsemi-annualbilling.

title:	Rescue Alert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rescuealert.com%2F
desc:	Offersmedicalalertsystemwithoneofthelongestmonitoringrange.

title:	ResponseLINK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.responselink.com%2F
desc:	Medicalalerts&personalemergencyresponsesystemsforpatients,caregivers&healthcareprofessionalsoffer24-houremergencyresponse.

title:	ResponseNow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.responsenow.com%2F
desc:	Personalemergencyresponsesystemconnectstoyourhometelephonelineandelectricaloutlet.

title:	Rest Assured 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Frestassuredsystem.com%2F
desc:	Offersaninteractivemonitoringandsupportsystemthatusesmotion,smoke,temperaturesensors,tele-cams,speakers,microphones,andamedicalalarmsysteminconjunctionwithanautomatedmedicationdispenserandon-siteassistanceasneeded.Includesdescriptionofservicesandproducts.

title:	SilverFox Link 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.silverfoxlink.com%2F
desc:	Personalemergencyresponsecompanywithmorethan30yearsofexperienceinthemonitoringserviceandhandlingtheircustomers'emergencies.

title:	Vital Link 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vital-linkinc.com%2F
desc:	Offersmedicalalarmsystemsandremotepull-cordactivatorsbilledmonthly,automatedmedicationdispensers,andlockboxes.

title:	Wireless Medical Alert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwirelessmedicalert.com%2F
desc:	LifeBeaconisaGPSmedicalalertsystemsandbracelets.Annualandmonthlybilling.

title:	Ariel Motor Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arielmotor.co.uk%2F
desc:	Two-seatersportscarbuiltinEngland.Sitefeatureshistory,photos,andcompanyinformation.

title:	Berkeley Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pearsy.co.uk%2F
desc:	FansitededicatedtoBerkeleycars.

title:	Bolwell Car Club Of Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bolwellcarclub.com.au%2F
desc:	ThesesportscarswerebuiltinMelbourneAustralia,duringthe1960s.Models,links,history,membershowcaseandmerchandise.

title:	Clenet Automobiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clenetcorner.com%2F
desc:	ThissiteprovidesinformationandnewsabouttheautomobilesbuiltbyClenetCoachworksofSantaBarbara,CAduringthelate70'sandearly80's.

title:	Crossley Motors, England 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crossley-motors.org.uk%2F
desc:	CrossleyMotorsmanufacturedcars,busesandtrucksbetween1904and1958fromtheirfactoryinManchester,England.

title:	Gardner Douglas Sportscars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gdcars.com%2F
desc:	KitCarManufacturer

title:	Grinnal Specialist Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grinnallcars.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturersoftheScorpionIII,TrikeandScorpionIV.

title:	The IndyCycle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indycycle.net%2F
desc:	Oneman'screationofastreet-legalhybridofanIndycarandamotorcycle.Includesitshistory,apicturegallery,plansandspecifications,awardsandlinks.

title:	JPR Cars, Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gatsbycars.com%2F
desc:	BuildersofGatsbyCabrioletsandGriffins.Eachcarisunique.

title:	AllExperts First Aid Q & A 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allexperts.com%2Fbrowse.cgi%3FcatLvl%3D3%26catID%3D995
desc:	Volunteerexpertsansweryourquestionsaboutfirstaidforfree.

title:	Association of First Aiders 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aofa.org%2F
desc:	LargecommunityoffirstaidersandfirstaidtrainersintheUnitedKingdom.

title:	British Red Cross - Children First Aid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchildrenfirstaid.redcross.org.uk%2F
desc:	Freefirstaidinformationforchildrenontopicssuchaschoking,asthmaandburns.Includesanimations,videosandquizes.

title:	British Red Cross - Everyday First Aid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org.uk%2FWhat-we-do%2FFirst-aid%2FEveryday-First-Aid
desc:	Interactiveresourceprovidingsimplefirstaidadviceonhowtotreatarangeofinjuriesandillnesses.

title:	CPR Test 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcpr-test.org%2F
desc:	FreeonlineCPRandfirstaidtestscoveringlatestguidelines.CoversadultandbabyCPRaswellaschoking.

title:	Emergency and First Aid - HealthWorld Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthy.net%2Fclinic%2Ffirstaid%2F
desc:	Listingofcommoninjuriesandrecommendedfirstaidtreatment.

title:	Emergency First Aid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Femergencyfirstaid.info%2F
desc:	Freeemergencyfirstaidguidesprovidingclearandsimpleinformationonkeymedicalemergencies

title:	First Aid - NHS Choices 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhs.uk%2FConditions%2FAccidents-and-first-aid%2FPages%2FIntroduction.aspx
desc:	Informationonaccidents,firstaidandtreatmentsbyNHSChoices

title:	First Aid For Free 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstaidforfree.com%2F
desc:	Freeonline
coursewithpresentations,quizzesandvideos.

title:	First Aid Powerpoint 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstaidpowerpoint.org%2F
desc:	Freefirstaidpowerpointpresentationsforanyonetodownloadanduse.

title:	First Aid Reference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstaidreference.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesonlineFirstAidandCPRinformationonhowtohandlecommonfirstaidemergencieswrittenbymedicalprofessionals.

title:	Irish Red Cross - Dublin 15 Branch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.d15redcross.org%2F
desc:	OnlinebasicfirstaidcoursefromtheDublin15BranchoftheIrishRedCross.Includesaquiztotestyourknowledge.

title:	Mayo Clinic: First Aid Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mayoclinic.org%2Ffirst-aid
desc:	Informationonhandlingcommonsituationswhichrequirefirstaid.Includestwoshortfollow-upquizzestocheckcomprehensionandrecall.

title:	St John Ambulance UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FPublic_Health_and_Safety%2FFirst_Aid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sja.org.uk%2F
desc:	StJohnAmbulanceisaleadingfirstaidcharityintheUnitedKingdom.Informationontrainingcoursesandfreeonlinefirstaidresources.

title:	Bulk Hardware Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antiscaldplug.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersproductsdesignedtoprotectagainstaccidentalburnsfromscaldingwater.Theplugschangecolourtoindicatewhenthewateristoohot.

title:	725 Designs LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idonme.com%2F
desc:	WaterresistantmedicalIDbraceletsandtagsforchildren,teens,adults,andpets.

title:	American Medical Identifications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanmedical-id.com%2F
desc:	Featurescustomengravedmedicalidentificationbracelets,necklacesandmedallions.

title:	Designs by Diana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.designs-by-diana.com%2F
desc:	CustomengravedmedicalalertIDbraceletsdesignedforbothchildrenandadults.

title:	Hope Paige 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhopepaige.com%2F
desc:	MedicalalertjewelryandIDbracelets,includingdiabetes,allergies,andcardiacpatients.

title:	ICE ID 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iceid.co.uk%2F
desc:	Children'sidentificationwristbands.Perfecttoalertotherstomedicalconditionssuchasdiabetesorallergies.

title:	KeepSafeJewelry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keepsafejewelry.com%2F
desc:	SitespecializesinmedicalIDbracelets,bandsandpendantsthatprovideprivacy,protectionandpeaceofmind.Includesarticlesonselectingappropriatemedicaljewelry.

title:	Lauren's Hope 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laurenshope.com%2F
desc:	Customengravedmedicalidentificationbracelets,necklaces,dogtagsandpendants.

title:	Mediband 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mediband.com%2F
desc:	MedicalalertjewelryandIDbracelets,includingdiabetes,allergies,andcardiacpatients.

title:	Medical ID Fashions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medicalidfashions.com%2F
desc:	MedicalalertIDbraceletsbyartistAbbeSennett.Personalizedfashionmedicbraceletsformenandwomen.DesignermedicalbraceletwithcustomengravedmedicIDtagsandinterchangeablemedicaljewelrybands.

title:	Monroe ID 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monroeid.com%2F
desc:	Alargeselectionofcustomengravedmedicalbracelets&necklaces,childIDtags,pettags,anddecorativebrassnameplatesisavailable.

title:	N-Style ID 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.n-styleid.com%2F
desc:	Durablemedicalalertbraceletsforkidsandadults.

title:	Qkind, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FHealth%2FEmergency_and_Safety%2FMedical_Alert_Systems%2FJewelry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidsafetyband.com%2F
desc:	Kidsafetybandsarelaserengravedsiliconewristbandsthatcontainachild'sinitialsandcellphonenumber.

title:	Arkley SS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arkleyss.com%2F
desc:	ManufactureranddistributoroftheArkleySS,originallydesignedin1969byJohnBritten.Producesanumberofvehiclesforroadandtrackuse.

title:	Autotune (Rishton) Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autotuneuk.com%2F
desc:	Building,maintenanceandpreparationofclassiccars,highperformancesportsandracingcars,includingreplicasandhistorics.

title:	Blackjack Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackjackzero.com%2Fmainindex.htm
desc:	MakersofAvion,a2CVbasedkitcar.Containsdesignandspecifications,FAQ,gallery,andpricelist.

title:	Dare UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dareuk.com%2F
desc:	Classicandmodernsportscars.ManufacturersoftheGinettaG4,G12,DARETGSportandDZforraceorroaduse.Links,videoandproducthistory.

title:	Donkervoort Automobielen BV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.donkervoort.com%2F
desc:	MakerofaLotus7inspiredkitcar.Listsinformationaboutwheretopurchase,usedcarsales,factorypicturesandraceinformation.

title:	Fraser Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fraser.co.nz%2F
desc:	Lotus7ReplicaKitCarsandcustombuiltcarsforclassicandsportscarenthusiasts.

title:	Great British Sports Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatbritishsportscars.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidesZerofeatures,specifications,dealers,andFAQs.

title:	Hawk Cars Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hawkcars.co.uk%2F
desc:	Featurespicturesanddetailsofmodelsoffered,brochures,andcontactinformation.

title:	Mamba Motorsport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mambamotorsport.co.uk%2F
desc:	Homeofthe'C23'Lotus23look-alike.Technicaldata,photos,pricelistandlinks.

title:	Proteus Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.proteuscars.co.uk%2F
desc:	Kitsorturnkeyreplicaclassicsportsandracingcars.Containsproductdetails,specifications,andphotographs.

title:	Roadrunner Racing Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roadrunnerracing.net%2F
desc:	ManufacturersoftheSR2Lotus7stylekitcarbuiltfromaMazdaMX5donorcar.Photoandvideogalleries,onlineshop,andcontactdetails.

title:	Roger Klimcke Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.klimcke-racing.com%2F
desc:	BuildsreplicakitcarsincludingRAMCobrasRushTojeiroandKamala.Kit,sparesandpriceinformation.

title:	Suffolk Sportscars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suffolksportscars.com%2F
desc:	JaguarC-typereplicasfromWoodbridge,England.Prebuiltorself-buildcars,includingthelegendaryJaguarSS100.

title:	Tiger Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tigerracing.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofsportscarsforroadandtrack.ModelsincludetheSuperSix,CatE1,thelightweightR6,bike-poweredB6thetwin-engineZ100andthenewEnglishRacingAutomobiles(ERA)single-seatracecar.Carinformation,pricelistandowner'sclub.

title:	Tornado Sports Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tornadosportscars.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturersofGT40andLotus7replicasportscarsavailableinkitandturnkeyform.Specifications,photogalleryandpricelists.

title:	Xanthos Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xanthoscars.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKbasedmanufacturerofLotus23stylekitcars.Sitecontainsdetailsoncarsforsale,pricelistsandcontactdetailsforthecompany.

title:	AC Propulsion, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acpropulsion.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofbatteryandpropulsionsystemsforelectricvehicles.

title:	AeroVironment Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aerovironment.com%2F
desc:	Supplyproductsandtechnologyforcleanenergyandefficientvehicles.Productsincludeunmannedaerialvehicles,electricandhybridvehiclesystems,distributedenergyandatmosphericsystems.

title:	Alke 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alke.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofcompacthighperformanceutilityvehiclesforprofessionaluses.Includescompanyprofileandproductoverview.[Italian,English]

title:	ATT R&D 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.attrd.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofbatterypoweredvehiclesinlight-weightaluminumandcompositebodies.

title:	Bigetti 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.millennium-hk.com%2Fbigetti.htm
desc:	Manufacturerofelectricpoweredscooters,bicyclesandothertransportalternatives.Includescompanyprofile,tipsandFAQs.

title:	Commuter Cars Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.commutercars.com%2F
desc:	Electriccommutercarsthatcombinethesize,speedandagilityofamotorcycle.Includesproductoverviewanddata.

title:	Electric Vehicle  S.R.L. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.italcar.com%2F
desc:	Offersestreetelectricvehiclestobeusedforawidevarietyofapplications.Includescompanyprofileandproductoverview.[Italian,English]

title:	Electric Vehicles (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evthai.com%2F
desc:	Electricscooters,bicycles,golfandutilitycars,three-wheelersandshuttles.

title:	Electric Vehicles International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evi-usa.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofelectricandhybridvehicles,includingtrucks,tramsandshuttlebusesforuseprimarilyinoff-highwayapplications.Includesproductinformation.BasedinAnderson,Indiana,USA.

title:	Electric Vehicles of America, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evamerica.com%2F
desc:	Componentsupplierforelectriccars,trucks,boats,forklifts,golfcarts,miningvehicles,materialhandlingandprototypes.

title:	Esoro AG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esoro.ch%2F
desc:	Swisscompanydevelopingconceptvehicles,includingelectricallypowered,hybrid,andfuelcelldesigns,aswellasplasticcomponentdevelopment.

title:	Frazer-Nash Research Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frazer-nash.com%2F
desc:	Go-karts,utilityvehicles,golfbuggies,tourtrams,andcitycars.

title:	Genovation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genovationcars.com%2F
desc:	Convertsgasoline-poweredFordFocuscarstoplug-inelectricvehiclesforfleetownersandthepublic.Theyareworkingtoproduceelectriccarsutilizingmoreenvironmentally-friendlymaterials.Describesvehiclemaintenance,listsnewsitems,andthetechnologiesutilized.

title:	Karrior Electric Vehicles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karrior.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofelectricvehiclesforavarietyofindustrialuses.Includesproductoverviewandcompanyprofile.

title:	Myers Motors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyersmotors.com%2F
desc:	ManufactureranddealerfortheNMG(NoMoreGas)highwayspeedelectricvehicle(formerlyknownastheCorbinSparrow).FAQ,pictures,partssales,servicedetails,andbenefits.

title:	NEV Accessories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nevaccessories.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerandretaileroffineaccessoriesforelectricvehicles.Includesproductcatalogueanddata.

title:	Nu-Kar Electric Vehicles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fapi-assembled.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturerandSupplierofpartsfortheSebringElectricCitiCar,ComutaCarandPostalVan

title:	Phoenix  Motorcars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phoenixmotorcars.com%2F
desc:	Canadianmanufacturerofelectricvehicles.Describesthevehicles,listsnewsitems,FAQ,andanoverviewofthecompany.

title:	Polaris: GEM Electric Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polaris.com%2Fen-us%2Fgem-electric-car
desc:	Four-wheeledtransportationfortwoorfourpeople,withamaximumspeedofabout25milesperhour.

title:	Tanfield Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tanfieldgroup.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofbatterypoweredvehicles.Includescompanyprofileandserviceoverview.

title:	Tesla Motors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fteslamotors.com%2F
desc:	Tesladesignsandmanufacturespremiumelectricvehicles.

title:	Twike Organisation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twike.com%2F
desc:	LinkstoTwikerelatedsites.

title:	Wrightspeed Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wrightspeed.com%2F
desc:	StartupenterprisefromSiliconValley,California,whichiscreatinghighperformance,electricpowered,sportscars.Pageincludescompanyprofileanddetailsabouttheautomobiles.

title:	Zallys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAutomotive%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zallys.com%2F
desc:	manufacturerofelectricvehiclesforagriculturalandindustrialapplications.Includescompanyprofileandproductcatalogue.

title:	Amphib Belgium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers%2FAmphibious_Cars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.belgacom.net%2Famphib%2Findex.html
desc:	Worldwideclubforthosewhoareinterestedinvehiclesthatdriveandfloat.Amphibiouscarsofinterestincludemilitary,civilian,old-timersandnewmodels.

title:	Amphicars.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers%2FAmphibious_Cars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amphicars.com%2F
desc:	Photos,articles,for-salelistings,andotherresourcesontheAmphicarandotheramphibiousvehicles.

title:	Dutton Marine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers%2FAmphibious_Cars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timdutton.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturersofroadlegalamphibians.Containscompanyhistory,vehiclespecifications,andnoticeboard.

title:	Flickr: Amphicar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers%2FAmphibious_Cars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flickr.com%2Fgroups%2Famphicar%2F
desc:	PicturesoftheAmphicarModel770andeventsthatfeaturethem.

title:	The International Amphicar Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers%2FAmphibious_Cars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amphicar.com%2F
desc:	Organizationforownersofamphibiouscarsprovideshistory,conventioninformation,discussiongroup,regionalchapterlinks,andrestorationandmaintenanceinformation.

title:	WaterCar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FMakes_and_Models%2FSpecialty_Manufacturers%2FAmphibious_Cars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.watercar.com%2F
desc:	Fiberglassvehiclestyledafterthe2002convertibleCamarobodystyle.Includesspecifications,photographs,andvideos.

title:	The Atlantis Ring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FJewelry%2FTheme&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atlantisring.com%2F
desc:	Offerspersonalprotectionandimmunityagainstmishaps.Agoodluckcharm,ortalisman.

title:	Baby Feet Jewelry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FJewelry%2FTheme&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgkjewelry.com%2F
desc:	Birthstonebracelets,omeganecklaceslides,earrings,andcharmswithbabyfeettheme.

title:	Bijoutree's Jeweled Forest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FJewelry%2FTheme&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchristmastreepins.com%2F
desc:	Christmasandvintagethemepinsincrystalandenamel.

title:	Bob Berg Designs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FJewelry%2FTheme&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bobbergdesigns.com%2F
desc:	Beltbuckles,conchos,earrings,braceletsandpendants,mostwithaWesternorcowboytheme.

title:	By American Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FJewelry%2FTheme&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.byamericanco.com%2F
desc:	Patriotic,state,noveltyandcustomdesignedpinsmadeintheUSA.

title:	DarcusTori Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FJewelry%2FTheme&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.darcustori.com%2F
desc:	Sterlingsilver,and14ktgoldbracelets,necklaces,brooches,prideandreligiousjewelry.

title:	Designs by Leigha 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FJewelry%2FTheme&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.designsbyleigha.com%2F
desc:	Jewelryfornewmommies,sororitysisters,bigandlittlesisters,andpersonalizedbridaljewelry.

title:	7's  Mailing List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.se7ens.net%2F
desc:	InformationonbuildingaCaterham7,Westfield,Striker,andLocost.FAQ,pictures,links,events,buildpage,diaryandlogbook.

title:	Bike Transplant Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbiketransplant.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Devotedtousingmotorcycleenginesincars.FAQ,listofdonors,builddiariesandlinks.

title:	Build Your Own Race Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buildyourownracecar.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesfortheamateurdesignerwithbuildingstrategies,mechanicalengineeringsoftware,andsanctioningbodiesrulesandguidelines.Linksincluded.

title:	Building  a Yamaha R1 powered Fisher Fury 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.robcollingridge.com%2Fkitcar%2F
desc:	Preparation,decisions,sourcingparts,builddiary,costs,linksandcontact.

title:	Dale Van Blokland's Lambo Builder.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lambobuilder.com%2F
desc:	FAQ,galleryandbuilddiaryofPhantomRoadster.

title:	Duckhunt Car Design & Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burtoncar.com%2F
desc:	Abouttheowners,theworkshop,forsale,contact,generalinformation,features,assemblyandpictures.

title:	Giles Cooper's Tiger Cat Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gilescooper.co.uk%2F
desc:	Summaryofthebuild,SVAtest,specifications,modifications,interests,boringbits,andERAphotos.

title:	Glassic Annex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fglassicannex.org%2F
desc:	GlassicModelAFordreplicas,alsoknownasReplicars.HistoryandsupportsiteforthePhaetonandRoadsterreplicasof1931Fordsmanufacturedinthe1960'sand1970's.

title:	Kellison Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kellisoncars.com%2F
desc:	Messageboard,pictures,publications,technical,links,registry,oddstyles,wanted,forsale,upgrades,GT40andcatalogs.

title:	Kit Car Building 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.members.tripod.com%2Fkitcarbuilding%2F
desc:	Gallery,FAQ,manufacturers,suppliers,links,diaryandcostsheet.

title:	Kit Car Magazine.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kitcarmagazine.com%2F
desc:	Vendordatabase,classifieds,discussion,news,visitorscars,consumeralerts,events,advertisers,opportunities,articlesandforum.

title:	Kit-Car Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kit-cars.com%2F
desc:	Monthlypublicationforenthusiasts.Includesadonorguide,events,accessories,listofmanufacturers,clubs,andsubscriptioninformation.

title:	Kitcar and Replica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkitplace.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Tipsandadvice,books,howtobuyandthingstodo,definitions,bodies,frameconstructiontypes,FAQandlinks.

title:	Kitcar.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kitcar.com%2F
desc:	What'snew,announcements,manufacturers,consumeralert,carsforsale,diecastmodels,photographytips,archives,Cobracountry,assemblyshops,titlesandinsurance,clubsregistry,guide,bookstores,humorandlinks.

title:	KitCars.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kitcars.com%2F
desc:	Forsale,wanttobuy,unfinishedprojects,parts,equipmentandmolds,investorsandjobs,wanttotrade,sponsors,turnkeys,companies,services,products,forums,classifieds,linksandstatistics.

title:	LamborghiniReplica.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Flamborghinireplica.com%2F
desc:	Onlinetour,forsale,carsinprogress,Knott'sBerryFarmshow,secretsaboutconstruction,supplementtobook,photoguideandlinks.

title:	LoCost Clubman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdlukoszek.tripod.com%2Findex.html
desc:	ThisisthecompletestoryandphotosoftheconstructionofthesportscarfromaNissanSilviadonorinthefarnorthQueenslandtownofWeipa.Howitgotstarted,organized,construction,photos,progressionandtouring.

title:	Mad Mechanics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madmechanics.com%2F
desc:	Discussionsincludingengineupgrades,manufacturers,classifieds,fiberglass,suspensionandbrakes.

title:	Madabout Kitcars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madabout-kitcars.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturers,showsandevents,cars,SVAbits,supportservices,discussionforum,clubsandprivateads.

title:	The National Kit Car Festival 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kitcarshow.co.uk%2F
desc:	ShowinNewark.Dates,photogallery,clubs,classifiedads,andexhibitorinformation.

title:	Paul Randle's Kudos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkudos.denise-randle.co.uk%2F
desc:	AthreewheeledspecialbuiltatCrewein1986byPaulandKevinRandle.Spaceframe,panels,bodywork,fueltank,paintandphotos.

title:	Peter Wannop's Locust Seven Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wannop.co.uk%2F
desc:	Mybuild,theLocust,inspiration,photographs,funandgames,technicaltips,links,Gav'sMiniandcontact.

title:	Project Fifty-Fifty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vw1950.com%2F
desc:	AVW1950splitwindowreplicabuiltfromaPorscheCarrera.Story,engine,chassis,pictures,mixed,projects,links,sponsors,contactandforsale.

title:	The Royale Sabre Kit Car Building Story 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blenk.nl%2Froyalesabre%2F
desc:	Donor,preparation,photos,andlinks.

title:	Tim and Tom's Car Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoverd.org%2FTim%2F
desc:	Westfield,Dax,Ferrari,links,gadgetsandaboutthebuilders.

title:	Triple C Challenger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FAutos%2FEnthusiasts%2FKit_Cars_and_Replicas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.triplecchallenger.co.uk%2F
desc:	AnXJ6basedreplicaofJaguarEtype.Containstheoriginalbrochure,abuilddescription,historyandgallery.

title:	EHBO en Zo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FGezondheid_en_Uiterlijk%2FHulpverlening_en_Veiligheid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehboenzo.nl%2F
desc:	EenbedrijfdatgespecialiseerdisinverkoopvanEHBO-enBHVmaterialen.

title:	EnGarde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FGezondheid_en_Uiterlijk%2FHulpverlening_en_Veiligheid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.engardekogelvrijekleding.nl%2F
desc:	Kogelvrije-enanti-steekvestenonlinetebestellen.

title:	Amphicar - Wikipedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FAuto%27s%2FMerken%2FAmphicar&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnl.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FAmphicar
desc:	Wikipediapaginaoverdezeauto.

title:	Landingship.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGovernment%2FMilitary%2FNavy%2FShips%2FAmphibious&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.landingship.com%2F
desc:	Includesavarietyofamphibiousships,withimages,shipspecifications,andseastories.

title:	USS LCT-376 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGovernment%2FMilitary%2FNavy%2FShips%2FAmphibious&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fpa%2FLCT376%2F
desc:	Commissionedsometimein1942,LCT376sawserviceattheIslandofEmirauintheSt.Matthiasgroup.

title:	USS Rocky Mount (AGC-3) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGovernment%2FMilitary%2FNavy%2FShips%2FAmphibious&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.nmsu.edu%2F%7Epauberve%2F
desc:	TheillustratedhistoryoftheWWIIamphibiousassaultcommandship,USSRockyMount.ShewastheflagshipfortheFifthandSixthAmphibiousAssaultGroupsandlatertheSeventhFleet.

title:	4 Luxury 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.athensluxurycars.com%2F
desc:	AnagencylocatedinAthensandMykonosspecialisingintherentalofluxurycarbrands;includesprofile,fleetandservices.

title:	Acropolis Rent a Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acropolis-rentacar.com%2F
desc:	Rates,inquiries,fleetandcontactinformationforthisautorentalcompanywithofficeslocatedthroughoutGreece.

title:	Alpha Drive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alphadrive.gr%2F
desc:	Profile,fleetandratesofthisagencywithofficesinThessalonikiandHalkidiki.

title:	Ansa International Rent a Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ansa-carrental.com%2F
desc:	FinddetailsofthisagencywithofficesinAthens,Thessaloniki,Crete,Corfu,Mykonosand,Santorini;includesfleet,servicesandenquiryform.

title:	Auto Rent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autorent.gr%2F
desc:	OfferingcarrentalfromvariouslocationsinGreece;includesfleet,services,ratesandonlinereservations.

title:	Autocandia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fautocandia.gr%2F
desc:	CarrentalagencywithofficesinCrete,Athens,Salonika,Chalkidiki,Kalamata,Rhodes,CorfuandThasos;includesprofile,servicesandonlinebooking.

title:	AutoHellas Hertz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hertz.gr%2F
desc:	Programmes,services,modelsandlocationsofthisnationwidecarrentalcompany.(Greek,English)

title:	Autounion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autounion.gr%2F
desc:	AcarrentalagencyoperatingthroughoutGreece;includesfleet,profileandservices.

title:	Avance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avance.gr%2F
desc:	FinddetailsofthisagencywithofficeslocatedthroughoutGreece;includesprofile,servicesandfleet.(English,Greek)

title:	Budget Car Rental 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.budget.gr%2F
desc:	Profile,fleet,ratesandon-linebookingfacilitiesofthisagencywithofficesthroughoutGreece.(English,Greek)

title:	Capital Rent-a-car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.capitalrent.gr%2F
desc:	AnationalcompanywithoutletsinAthens,Piraeus,ThessalonikiandCrete.Servicecoversthecities,theirportsandairportsplustheGreekmainland.

title:	Car Rental Greece 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.car-rental-greece.org%2F
desc:	Includesdetailsofthevehiclesavailablealongwithpricesandreservationrequestform.

title:	Carrentalgreece.gr 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carrentalgreece.gr%2F
desc:	Profile,services,fleetandratesofthisonlineagencyofferingrentalservicesthroughoutGreece.(English,German,French,Russian)

title:	Dollar Rent a Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.dollar.com.gr%2F
desc:	Services,fleet,ratesandcontactdetailsofthiscompanywithofficesthroughoutGreece.(English,Greek)

title:	GoldRent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goldrent.gr%2F
desc:	FindinformationaboutthisagencywithofficesinAthensandMykonos;includesprofile,servicesandfleet.

title:	Intrarent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intrarent.gr%2F
desc:	Models,servicesandcontactinformationofthiscarrentalcompanylocatedinHalandri,Athens.

title:	Kosmos Rent a Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kosmos-carrental.com%2F
desc:	CarrentalagencywithofficesthroughoutGreece.

title:	Pegasus Car Rentals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pegasus-cars.com%2F
desc:	Models,rates,conditionsandonlinebookingofthiscarrentalservice.MainofficeinAttica.

title:	RAC S.A. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rac-sa.gr%2F
desc:	Profile,fleet,onlinereservationsofthiscarrentalcompanyoperatinginPiraeus,Milos,FolegandrosandSalamina.(English,Greek,Italian,French)

title:	Rentacar-guide.gr 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rentacar-guide.gr%2F
desc:	Directoryofcompaniesindexed,ratedandreviewedbyindependentusers;includescontactinformationandlinks.

title:	Rentaldeals.gr 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rentaldeals.gr%2F
desc:	OffersapricecomparisonsystemofGreekcarrentalcompanies;includesfleet,ratesandonlinereservations.(English,Greek)

title:	Serres Rent a Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Frentacar-gr.com%2F
desc:	Rates,fleet,profileandservicesofthiscompanywithofficesinThessaloniki,SerresandHalkidiki.(Greek,English,German)

title:	Universal Rent-a-Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.universal-rent-a-car.com%2F
desc:	Carrental,tourisminformationandaccomandationagencywithheadofficeonCreteandsubsidiariesaroundGreece.

title:	World Car Rental 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FTransportation%2FCar_Rentals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldcarrental.gr%2F
desc:	Offersfleetdetails,rates,onlinebookingandcontactinformationofthiscompanywithofficesinAthens,LoutrakiandThessaloniki.

title:	Avtorent Fest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBulgaria%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avtorent.com%2F
desc:	Providescarrentalandtravelservicesinthecountry,includesrates,reservationform,andcontactinformation.

title:	Bulgarian State Railways 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBulgaria%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bdz.bg%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutpassengerandfreightservices.

title:	Limo Auto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBulgaria%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.limoauto.com%2F
desc:	Rentacarcompanyofferscomfortabletoursaroundthecountryandabroad.

title:	MD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBulgaria%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.md-rent.com%2F
desc:	OffersrentalandtravelserviceswithnewFiatcars,includesreservationformandpricelist.

title:	Savoy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBulgaria%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsavoyrent.com%2F
desc:	Offersrentacarinthecountry.Currentpricesandonlinereservationform.

title:	Alamo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FEuropa%2FGriekenland%2FBedrijven_en_Economie%2FAutoverhuur&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.alamo.nl%2F%3Faction%3Dselectland%26Werelddeel%3DEuropa%26Land%3DGriekenland
desc:	Adressen,telefoonnummersenopeningstijdenvandevestigingeninGriekenlandvandezeautoverhuurder.

title:	Brittish Sports cars a 'part' of my life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FN%C3%B6jen_och_fritid%2FBilar%2FEntusiaster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuser.tninet.se%2F%7Ezdv462f%2F
desc:	Sidaomklassiskabrittiskasportbilar.

title:	Carlssons Hemsida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FN%C3%B6jen_och_fritid%2FBilar%2FEntusiaster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.swipnet.se%2Fcarlsson1%2F
desc:	Hemsidamedbilar,bilder,filmklipp,kraschbilderochprototypbilar.

title:	Ace Canopy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acecanopy.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturercanopies,popuptents,shadecanopiesandportablecanopies.

title:	Beehive Vinyl Products Pty., Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beehivevinyl.com.au%2F
desc:	Australia.Fabricatorsofcustommanufacturedvinylcanopies,annexes,tarpaulinsandshadingproducts.Also,linersandmembranesforgeotechnicalapplications.Technicalinformationandspecifications.

title:	BigTop Shades 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigtopshades.com.au%2F
desc:	Canopiesforportable,instantshade.

title:	Caravan Canopy International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.portableshelters.com%2F
desc:	Productspecificationsanddiagramsofsteeloraluminumframedcanopies.Informationonaddingcorporatelogos,partsandservice,andwarranty.

title:	Economy Party Tent and Canopy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.economytent.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofpartytents,portablecanopies,carports,andpatioawnings.

title:	EliteDeals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elitedeals.com%2Fcanopy.html
desc:	Sellsportable,popupcanopiesmadebyCaravanCanopyandEZ-UpInstantShelters.

title:	Flourish Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flourish.com%2F
desc:	Panels,canopies,andotherdisplaysforcraftshowsandexhibitions.

title:	Green Mountain Gazebo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgreenmountaingazebo.com%2F
desc:	Custom-printed,portableoutdoorboothsforeventmarketing,on-sitepromotionsandsales.

title:	HutShop.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hutshop.com%2F
desc:	OffersEzUpInstantcanopiesandpopupcanopiesforFleaMarketsandVendors.

title:	Jim Holben 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Ftentbuilderscom%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofframeandpoletentsandcanopies.

title:	KD Kanopy, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kdkanopy.com%2F
desc:	Design,manufactureanddistributeoutdoorcanopies.

title:	My E-Z Up 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myezup.com%2F
desc:	AuthorizedretaileranddealerofE-ZUPinstantshelter.Portablecanopiesandaccessoriesavailable.

title:	Norstar Instant Canopy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.norstarcanopy.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturesmulti-purposecanopies.

title:	Pacific Superior Imports 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fbiz%2Fshadecanopies%2F
desc:	ShadeKingcanopiesforcraftshows,tradeshows,tailgatepartiesandanyotheroutdooreventwhereshadeisneeded.

title:	Zapp Canopy Umbrellas Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FEvent_Planning_and_Production%2FConvention_and_Trade_Show_Services%2FExhibit_and_Display_Vendors%2FOutdoor_Canopies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zappumbrellas.com%2F
desc:	Acompleterangeofumbrellabasedproductsandaccessoriesdesignedformobiletradingandleisureuse.

title:	Aftonbladet bil med Auto Motor & Sport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FN%C3%B6jen_och_fritid%2FBilar%2FTidningar&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aftonbladet.se%2Fbil%2F
desc:	Aftonbladetsmotordel.

title:	3D Joe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3djoe.com%2F
desc:	Developsonlinegamesandmultimediaprojects.

title:	3RD SENSE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3rdsense.com%2F
desc:	AustralianlpPlayagency.GamesandappsforiPhoneandiPad,Android,Facebook,website,PCandMac.PioneerofgamificationinAustralia.Companyprofile,productinformation,andcontactdetails.

title:	Adult Swim Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgames.adultswim.com%2F
desc:	FreeonlineflashgamesforthebrowserandFacebook.

title:	Arkadium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arkadium.com%2F
desc:	CreatesFlashgames.Companyoverview,directoryoflinkstogames,productandservicedetails,andcasestudyarticles.

title:	Artifact Interactive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artifactinteractive.com.au%2F
desc:	Developerofflashgames,includinggolf,grand-prixracingandskiinggames.

title:	Blit Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblitinteractive.com%2F
desc:	GamestudiospecializinginFlashandShockwavedevelopmentforpopularbrandsintheentertainmentindustry.

title:	Bolinas Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bofrank.com%2F
desc:	Developerprovidingflashandshockwaveservicesforinteractivecontentandgames.

title:	CleverMedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclevermedia.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofShockwaveandFlashgamessince1995.

title:	Fresh Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freshgames.com%2F
desc:	Developerofsingleplayerandmulti-playerJavagames.

title:	GameHouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gamehouse.com%2F
desc:	Developersofjavaandshockwavegames.

title:	GameZBoost 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgamezboost.com%2F
desc:	Provideswhitelabelgamesportals,offersgamecustomisationandcustomgamedevelopmentservices.

title:	Greentube Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.greentube.com%2F
desc:	Developerofwebgamecontentandpayperplaysoftware.

title:	Jargon Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fgames4%2Fblcdude%2Fjargongames.html
desc:	ShowcasesselfdevelopedFlashgames.

title:	Joyplay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joyplay.com%2F
desc:	Specialisesindevelopingmultiplayergamesthatcanbeplayedformoney.

title:	Karl Kotas Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karlkotas.com%2F
desc:	Gamesandinteractivemediadevelopers.

title:	KMG Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kmgassociates.com%2F
desc:	Specializinginprofessionalgamedesignforwebsites.

title:	Launchfire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.launchfire.com%2F
desc:	Buildgamifieddigitalpromotionsandemployeetrainingprograms.

title:	MCM Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcmgames.co.uk%2F
desc:	Londonbasedwebgamedeveloper.Offerscompanyinformationandgamesamples.

title:	Microprizes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microprizes.com%2F
desc:	Developerofon-linejava-basedgamesandactivities.

title:	Namida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.namida.fi%2F
desc:	NamidaDiamondFactoryLtd.GamedesigncompanybasedinFinland.

title:	Netnexus.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netnexus.com%2F
desc:	Abrowser-basedgamedevelopmentteam,withanonlinecommunitythatcontainsforums,games,andchatrooms.

title:	Nuclide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnuclide.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofInternet-onlygames.

title:	Panlogic Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.panlogicgames.com%2F
desc:	Developerofsingleandmultiplayerflashgames.

title:	Peppercorn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peppercorn.co.uk%2F
desc:	Developerofonlineanddownloadablepromotionalgames

title:	Playdom, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.playdom.com%2F
desc:	CorporatewebsiteforasocialgamingcompanythatdevelopsgamingappsforFacebook,Android,iPhoneandothersocialandmobileplatforms.

title:	Playerthree 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.playerthree.com%2F
desc:	Independentdevelopmentcompanyspecialisingingamesandappsforweb,handheldandmobiledevices.

title:	PlayGen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.playgen.com%2F
desc:	Developsgamesfortrainingandlearningpurposes.

title:	RocketSnail Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rocketsnail.com%2F
desc:	Developerofonlineflashgames.

title:	Sarbakan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sarbakan.com%2F
desc:	Interactiveonlineentertainmentfortheinternet.

title:	Smilie Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smilie.com%2F
desc:	DevelopersofJavagames.

title:	SomeFrogs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.somefrogs.com%2F
desc:	SalesofFlashcomponentforbuildingcustomvirtualjigsawandslidingpuzzles.Alsooffersfreewareversions.

title:	Spil Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spilgames.com%2F
desc:	Developerofonlinegamingplatforms,andpublisherofonlinegames.

title:	Splashworks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.splashworks.com%2F
desc:	Developerofflashkidsgamesandwebplaygrounds.

title:	Spore Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sporeproductions.com%2F
desc:	Gamedevelopmentandgraphicservices.

title:	Switching Brains 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.switchingbrains.com%2F
desc:	Developerofonlineflashgamesandinteractivemedia.

title:	X5 Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.x5dev.com%2F
desc:	CustomWebgamesinFlashandJava,includingsecuremultiplayercasinogaming.

title:	Yamago 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FBrowser_Based%2FDevelopers_and_Publishers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamago.net%2F
desc:	Developerofflashmultiplayergames,animatedandinteractivecontent.

title:	Aqua Drolics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FHoreca_en_Toerisme%2FBedrijfsinrichting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aquadrolics.nl%2F
desc:	Ontwerptenproduceertpeuterbadenenspeelseelementenvoorzwembaden,campingsenrecreatieparken.Overzichtvanproducteneneuropesewederverkopers.

title:	Beuk Horeca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FHoreca_en_Toerisme%2FBedrijfsinrichting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beukhoreca.nl%2F
desc:	Houdtzichbezigmetdeleveringenservicevanhoreca-apparatuur,koel-engrootkeukentechniek.Metinformatieennieuws.

title:	Blycolin Groep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FHoreca_en_Toerisme%2FBedrijfsinrichting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blycolin.nl%2F
desc:	Verzorgtlinnenmanagementvoordehoreca,hotellerieenverblijfsrecreatie.[NLZaltbommel]

title:	Dalmolen Wolvega 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FHoreca_en_Toerisme%2FBedrijfsinrichting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dalmolen.com%2F
desc:	Levert,installeertenonderhoudtgrootkeukens,bedrijfskeukensenbedrijfskantinesbijhoreca-enanderebedrijven.

title:	Fetum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FHoreca_en_Toerisme%2FBedrijfsinrichting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fetum.nl%2F
desc:	Verzorgttelevisiepakkettenenonderhoudservicevoorhotels,bungalowparkenenziekenhuizen.

title:	Gro-Tech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FHoreca_en_Toerisme%2FBedrijfsinrichting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gro-tech.nl%2F
desc:	Leveringvangrootkeukenapparatuur,grootkeukengereedschappen,enkleinmaterialenvoorhoreca,instellingenenbedrijfsrestauratievevoorzieningen.

title:	Koopman Jager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FHoreca_en_Toerisme%2FBedrijfsinrichting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.koopmanjagerparasols.com%2F
desc:	Productievanparasolsvoordemarktenhoreca.

title:	Movingcool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FHoreca_en_Toerisme%2FBedrijfsinrichting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.movingcool.be%2F
desc:	Verhuurenverkoopvankoel/vriesboxenenaanhangwagensenbiertapwagens.

title:	National Content Liquidators 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHospitality%2FSupplies_and_Equipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nclsales.com%2F
desc:	Buyersandsellersofusedhotelfurniture,fixturesandequipmentmadesurplusduetohotelrenovation,refurbishment,conversionordemolition.

title:	Serrentis Hotel Supplies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHospitality%2FSupplies_and_Equipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fserrentis-hotelsupplies.com%2F
desc:	Producerandsupplierofalineofproductsforluxuryhotelssuchasslippers,bathrobesandtowels,bags,cosmetics,dispensersandaccessories.Italy.

title:	Sharp Serviettes, Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FHospitality%2FSupplies_and_Equipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.serviettes.co.nz%2F
desc:	Manufacturersofplain,coloredandcustomprintedpapernapkinswithproductinformationandcontactdetails.

title:	Groklaw 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FSCO%2FBoycott%2C_Lawsuits&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.groklaw.net%2F
desc:	TreatslegalaspectsofSCOvs.IBMandLinuxcase:news,extensiveanalyses,bigstoryarchive,hardtofinddocuments,largeamountsofcarefullyresearchedinformation,quotedatabase,wellusedfora.[CreativeCommonsLicense]

title:	No Secrets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FSCO%2FBoycott%2C_Lawsuits&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcatb.org%2F%7Eesr%2Fnosecrets%2F
desc:	OpensourceleaderEricS.RaymondwebpageseekinginformationonhowUnixtradesecretswerelegallynullifiedinthepast.

title:	A123 Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.a123systems.com%2F
desc:	Developsandmanufacturesadvancedtechnologylithium-ionbatterypacks.Offerscustomsolutionsfortheirincorporationintoelectricvehicles.

title:	Austin Area Electric Vehicle Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.austinev.org%2F
desc:	Agroupofpeoplewhogathertodiscusselectricvehicletechnologiesandconstruction.Alsoaphotoalbumwithfullspecificationsoftheelectriccarsandtrucksownedandbuiltbymembers.

title:	Bristol Electric Vehicle Study 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bluegreentechnologies.com%2F
desc:	Designinformationforelectricvehiclebuilders.Includesmathematicsanddesignspecifications.

title:	Built For Fun Electric Vehicles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbuggies.builtforfun.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesplansanddesignsforsmallpoweredelectricvehiclesforkidsincludingtrike,scooterandkartprojects.

title:	Cool Electric Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mycoolelectriccar.com%2F
desc:	Providesaguidetoelectriccarsfortheordinaryperson.Alsoprovidesinformationonotherelectricvehicles,electricbikes,scooters,NEVsandgolfcarts.

title:	Curtis Instruments, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcurtisinstruments.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofinstrumentsandmotorspeedcontrollersforbattery-poweredandelectricvehiclesandequipment.

title:	Cybertran Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cybertran.com%2F
desc:	Proposedelectriccar/trainwhichwouldholdfromsixtothirtypassengersforcommutingintoandoutofurbanareas.

title:	Documentation: Auranthetic Charger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.econogics.com%2Fev%2Fauranthe.htm
desc:	TheAurantheticChargerwasasmallelectricmotorcycleproducedinCaliforniainthe1970's.Linkstoassemblyinstructions,partslocatorandaforum.

title:	DriveEV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.driveev.com%2F
desc:	Providestechnicalinformationandpersonalexperienceregardingconvertingagasvehicletoabatterybasedelectricvehicle.

title:	Driving the Future 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdrivingthefuture.com%2F
desc:	EVscomparedwithhybrids,fuel-cellvehicles,andgasoline-poweredvehiclesforpollution,energy,practicality.Letter-writingsitetosupporttherequirementthatsomepercentofnewcarsbeEVsby2003.

title:	Econogics Electric Vehicle Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.econogics.com%2Fev%2Fevindex.htm
desc:	Includesawealthofinformationandanexcellenthistoryofelectricvehicles.AlsoincludesinfoontheElectricVehicleCouncilofOttawaandtheirannualElectrathon.

title:	Electrathon America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Felectrathonamerica.org%2F
desc:	Nonprofitgroupthatorganizeselectricvehiclesportcompetitionswiththegoalofpromotingefficientdesignandtechnology.

title:	Electric Vehicle History - Online Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsloan.stanford.edu%2FEVonline%2F
desc:	Encourageselectricvehicleenthusiaststohelppreservetherecenthistoryofelectricvehiclesbypostingtoonlinearchive,whereothercontributionsareavailabletoberead.

title:	Electric Vehicles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.didik.com%2Fdidik_ev.htm
desc:	FrankDidikdesignsvehiclespoweredbyavarietyofpropulsionsystemsincludinghuman,solar,electricandhybridsystems.Theyaremadetoorderandcanbemodifiedtofittheindividualbuyer'sspecificneeds.

title:	Electrifying Times Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.electrifyingtimes.com%2F
desc:	Aninternationalmagazinewithnewsandinformationaboutelectricvehicles.

title:	EV World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evworld.com%2F
desc:	Aboutadvancedelectriccars,hybrid-electricandfuelcellvehicles.

title:	Formula Lightning: West Virginia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csee.wvu.edu%2F%7Eformula%2F
desc:	Carspecifications,raceschedule,andteamroster.

title:	NEDRA: National Electric Drag Racing Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nedra.com%2F
desc:	Acoalitionaimedatincreasingpublicawarenessofelectricvehicle(EV)performanceandtoencouragethroughcompetition,advancesinelectricvehicletechnology.

title:	Urbanmover 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.urbanmover.com%2F
desc:	ElectricVehicleManufacturerandDistributionCompanyofferingBicycles,Scooters,MotorBikes,Quads,and
ATVs.

title:	Boycott Georgia Pacific 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fboycottgp.tripod.com%2F
desc:	UrgesaboycottofG-P'sproductsunlessconstructionishaltedonapipelinethatendangerstheSt.JohnsRiverinFlorida.

title:	Citizen Works 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.citizenworks.org%2F
desc:	Groupworkingonacampaigntoeliminatethecorrosivepoliticalinfluenceofcorporationsandrestoredemocracytothepeople.FoundedbyRalphNader.

title:	Coalition Against Bayer-Dangers (CBG) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbgnetwork.org%2F
desc:	Describescampaignsrelatinglaborpractices,environmentalissue,anddrugsafety.FormerlyknownasBayerwatch.[English/German/French/Italian/Spanish]

title:	Corporate Accountability International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stopcorporateabuse.org%2F
desc:	Grassrootscorporatewatchdogorganization;membershipinformation,campaignupdates,jobopenings,andpressreleases.

title:	Essential Action: Boycott Shell/Free Nigeria Campaign 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.essentialaction.org%2Fshell%2F
desc:	ThecampaignforenvironmentaljusticeandcorporateaccountabilityforShell'soperationsinNigeria.Background,toolsandactionideasforcampaigninginyourcommunityorcampus.

title:	Food Page - Boycott of Food Companies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eatnoshit.org%2F
desc:	Urgesboycottsofthreelargefoodproducers-PhillipMorris,Nestle,andUnilever.Includesbackgroundinformationandlinkstositesdetailingtheoffendingactivitiesofeach.[German/English]

title:	The International Campaign for Justice in Bhopal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhopal.net%2F
desc:	Regularupdates,theclassactionsuitagainstUnionCarbideCorporation,andactivitiesoforganizationsforsurvivorsofthedisaster.

title:	Naomi Klein 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naomiklein.org%2F
desc:	Newsonthepoliticsofbrandhegemonyandcorporatepower,andofactsoforganizedanddisorganizedresistancefromallovertheworld.Aforumfordiscussionanddebate,andforsharinginformation,strategiesofsubversionandcreativealternatives.

title:	Socialism Today on World Trade Organization 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socialismtoday.org%2F44%2Fseattle.html
desc:	SinglepagereviewofthepowerfulgatheringofprotestersinSeattlein1999.

title:	Top 10 Reasons to Boycott FedEx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaerowitz.com%2Ffedex%2F
desc:	Givesseveraldetailedexplanationsofbadlaborpracticesandrelationswithcustomersandneighbors,withlinkstoexternalarticles.

title:	You've been Kmarted 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FAnti-Corporation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkmarted.freeservers.com%2F
desc:	UrgesboycottsbyUSconsumersofcorporationswhoareoff-shoringtheirworkforces,withanextensivelistofcorporatenames,andlinkstositesdetailingtheissueandthesuccessesofpastactions.

title:	BBC: Move over Segway, I'm planning the C6 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FTransportation%2FElectric_Vehicles%2FSinclair_C5&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.bbc.co.uk%2F1%2Fhi%2Fmagazine%2F3125341.stm
desc:	ArticleaboutSirCliveSinclair,announcessecretplansforanotherpioneeringnewpersonaltransporter.

title:	Arizona Solar Racing Team, USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarcar.arizona.edu%2F
desc:	HomeoftheUniversityofArizonaracingteam.

title:	Aurora Team, Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aurorasolarcar.com%2F
desc:	HomeoftheMelbournebasednon-profitAuroraVehicleAssociationInc.

title:	Michigan State University Solar Racing Team 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.egr.msu.edu%2Fsolar%2F
desc:	Studentorganization,establishedinthefallof1999,comprisedofengineeringandbusinessmajors.

title:	MIT Solar Electric Vehicle Team 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsolar-cars.scripts.mit.edu%2F
desc:	MITSolarcar.

title:	Northwestern Solar Car Team 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnusolar.org%2F
desc:	Astudentorganizationdedicatedtodesigning,building,andracingsolarelectricvehicles.TheteamiscomposedofabroadrangeofengineeringtalentsworkingtogethertocompeteintheAmericanSolarChallenge.

title:	Principia Solar Team, USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.principiasolarcar.com%2F
desc:	SiteaboutPrincipiaschool'ssolarcar

title:	Solar Car Challenge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarcarchallenge.org%2F
desc:	WinstonScienceoffersthiseventtoteachstudentsandcontains
informationontheWinstonScienceSolarPowerCarTeam.

title:	SunStang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sunstang.com%2F
desc:	SolarcarprojectbasedoutoftheUniversityofWesternOntarioinLondon,Ontario,Canada.

title:	X1 Solar Car 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xof1.com%2F
desc:	AboutthedevelopmentandbuildingofasolarcarusingcurrenttechnologytocrossCanada.

title:	Occupy Together 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupytogether.org%2F
desc:	AhubforalloftheeventsspringingupacrossthecountryinsolidaritywithOccupyWallSt.StartedoutasahubfortheUSA,nowalsocoveringtherestoftheworld.

title:	Occupy.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupy.com%2F
desc:	Usingnewsandmultimediatoencouragesocial,economicandenvironmentaljusticearoundtheworld.Featuresinformationaboutmostactivegroupsandupcomingevents.

title:	BU Occupy Boston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fgroups%2FBUoccupiesboston
desc:	FacebookpagetotalkabouttheactionsonBostonUniversity.[USA-Boston,MA]

title:	Creative Action Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcreativeaction.network%2F
desc:	Offerstoolsforcreatingavisuallanguageintheactivistmovement.Includesdownloadableprotestsigns,logisticalsignageanduniversalicons.

title:	Flickr: 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flickr.com%2Fphotos%2Ftags%2Foccupywallstreet%2F
desc:	Collectionofphotos,uploadedbydifferentpeople,withthetag"occupywallstreet".

title:	Global Revolution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.livestream.com%2Fglobalrevolution
desc:	Livestreamingvideocoveragefromindependentjournalistsonthegroundatprotestsaroundtheworld.Witharchiveofpreviousvideos.

title:	The Guardian - Anti-capitalist? Too simple. Occupy can be the catalyst for a radical rethink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fcommentisfree%2F2011%2Fnov%2F15%2Fanti-capitalist-occupy-pigeonholing
desc:	Ha-JoonChangrecommendsusingtheOccupymovementasthecatalystforaseriousdebateonalternativeinstitutionalarrangementstomakecapitalismbetterforthemajorityofpeople.

title:	New York City General Assembly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nycga.net%2F
desc:	Officialwebsite.Featuresrecentnews,workinggroups,minutesandproposals.Alsoincludesdeclaration,GAguide,principlesofsolidarity,legalfactsheet.[USA-NewYorkCity,NY]

title:	Occupy Airforce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FOccupyAirForce
desc:	Facebookpageforbothveteransandcurrentpersonnelfromthisbranchofthearmedforces.Non-governmentalorganization(NGO).[USA]

title:	Occupy Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupyamsterdam.nl%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheplannedevents.Withfourmandchat.[Netherlands-Amsterdam](partDutch,partEnglish)

title:	Occupy Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupyaustralia.net%2F
desc:	Centralhubforcommunicationamongoccupationsacrossthenation.Includesnews,forum,upcomingevents,photogallery,videoarchive,resources.

title:	Occupy Birmingham 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Foccupy.birmingham
desc:	Informationaboutevents,planning,photo'sandforum[USA-Birmingham,AL]

title:	Occupy Boise 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FOccupyBoise
desc:	Includesoverviewofthegroup,calendar,generalassemblynotes,resources,forum,downloadabledocuments.[USA-Boise,ID]

title:	Occupy Boston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupyboston.org%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheeventsplanned.AndalinktotheirLiveStreamChannelwithlivestreamingInternetTVandarchiveofpreviousvideos.[USA-Boston,MA]

title:	Occupy Carbondale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupycarbondale.org%2F
desc:	Includesevents,meetingminutes,downloadableflyers,photogallery,reasonsfortheoccupation.[USA-Carbondale,IL]

title:	Occupy Charleston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fpages%2FOccupy-Charleston-SC%2F270339779654897
desc:	Featuresresolution,events,presscoverage,meetingminutes,opportunitiesforparticipation.[USA-Charleston,SC]

title:	Occupy Cincinnati 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FOccupy-Cincinnati-457529897595556%2F
desc:	Presentsthecity'soccupationincludingevents,FAQs,pressreleases,forum,donationsneeded.[USA-Cincinnati,OH]

title:	Occupy Dayton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Foccupydayton
desc:	Featuresthegroup'spurpose,events,committees,newsupdates,photogallery,onlineforum,signsandposters.[USA-Dayton,OH]

title:	Occupy Eugene 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupyeugenemedia.org%2F
desc:	Presentsthegeneralassemblyminutes,committees,livestreamingvideo,archiveofdocumentsandflyers,photogallery,forum,volunteerpositionsandlistofneeds.[USA-Eugene,OR]

title:	Occupy Gainesville Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupygainesville.org%2F
desc:	Presentsgeneralassemblyminutes,calendar,livevideo,map,resources,listofwaystoparticipate.[USA-Gainesville,FL]

title:	Occupy Galveston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupygalveston.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Presentsanoverviewofthecollectiveanditsmission,generalassembly,downloadableflyersandrelatedlinks.[USA-Galveston,TX]

title:	Occupy Greensboro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupygreensboro.org%2F
desc:	Featurescampreport,generalassembly,forum,calendar,video,downloadabledocuments.[USA-Greensboro,NC]

title:	Occupy Handbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.datafilehost.com%2Fd%2F143fd316
desc:	Downloadablehandbookwithbackgroundarticlesandwhatcanbedone.

title:	Occupy Helena 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupyhelena.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Presentsoverviewofthemovement'spurposeaswellasupdatedblogandrelatedlinks.[USA-Helena,MT]

title:	Occupy Huntsville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FOccupyHuntsville
desc:	Includesmeetingannouncements,eventlistings,andforum.[USA-Huntsville,AL]

title:	Occupy Lansing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FOccupyLansing
desc:	Presentsblogupdates,forum,listofneeds,linkstonewsrelatednewsreports,thankstosupporters.[USA-Lansing,MI]

title:	Occupy Long Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupylongisland.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Localactivistsdisplaytheirpurpose,blogupdatesandcalendarofevents.AlsoincludesvotingoverviewandTwitterfeed.[USA-LongIsland,NY]

title:	Occupy Lubbock 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupylubbock.org%2F
desc:	Includesblog,meetinganddemonstrationschedule,onlinechat,andrelatedlinks.[USA-Lubbock,TX]

title:	Occupy Maui 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FOccupyMaui
desc:	Featuresevents,photos,links,eventnotificationsign-up.[USA-Maui,HI]

title:	Occupy Melbourne 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupymelbourne.net%2F
desc:	Blogincludesvideoandhowtoparticipate.[Australia-Melbourne]

title:	Occupy Minnesota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupymn.org%2F
desc:	Featuresanoverviewoftheactivistmovement,teach-inscheduleandcalendarofotherupcomingevents,downloadableflyers,detailsondonations.[USA-MN]

title:	Occupy Missoula 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupymissoula.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Presentsthegeneralassembly'sdeclarationplusvideoarchivesandforums.[USA-Missoula,MT]

title:	Occupy Mobile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fpages%2FOccupy-Mobile%2F282830901736494
desc:	Informationaboutplannedandpastevents.[USA-Mobile,AL]

title:	Occupy Oakland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupyoakland.org%2F
desc:	Findtheoverviewofthegroupalongwithitsnews,generalassemblynotes,forum,mediaandeventscalendar.[USA-Oakland,CA]

title:	Occupy Ohio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupyohio.org%2F
desc:	InformationnetworkhubfortheactivistmovementacrosstheBuckeyeState.Includesresourcelinksanddetailsforeachcityhubinthestate.[USA-OH]

title:	Occupy Ottawa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupyottawa.org%2F
desc:	GrassrootsmovementforeconomicandpoliticaljusticeinCanada.Newsitems,commentary,andblogposts.

title:	Occupy Providence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.occupyprovidence.com%2F
desc:	OccupiersofBurnsideParkpresenttheirworkinggroups,generalassemblyminutes,videoarchive,photogalleryandcalendar.[USA-Providence,RI]

title:	Occupy Pueblo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupypueblo.org%2F
desc:	Featuresthisoccupation'sblogs,newscoverage,resourcesandrelatedsocialmedialinks.[USA-Pueblo,CO]

title:	Occupy Reno 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupyreno.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Featuresdetailsonthishub'sevents,generalassembliesandcommittees.Alsoincludespressreleases,downloadableposters,chat.[USA-Reno,NV]

title:	Occupy Roanoke 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FOccupyRoanokeVA
desc:	Featuresoverviewoftheoccupation,personalstoriesoflocaloccupiers,upcomingevents,downloadabledocuments,news,videoarchive.[USA-Roanoke,VA]

title:	Occupy Sarasota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Foccupysarasota
desc:	Featuresvoicesofthepeople,photogallery,events,videos,blog,openlettertotheopposition.[USA-Sarasota,FL]

title:	Occupy Seattle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupyseattle.org%2F
desc:	Includesworkinggroups,calendar,demandproposals,forums,listofoccupierneeds.[USA-Seattle,WA]

title:	Occupy Streams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupystreams.org%2F
desc:	WatchlivevideofeedsandlivestreamsfromOccupyWallStreeteventsacrosstheworld.

title:	Occupy Tri-Cities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupytricities.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Regionalgrouppresentsitsplatform,meetingminutes,agendaforupcomingmeetingsandTwitterfeed.[USA-AbingdonandBristol,VA;KingsportandJohnsonCity,TN]

title:	Occupy Wall Street 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupywallst.org%2F
desc:	NewsandresourcesforprotestersattendingthemassdemonstrationonWallStreetagainstfinancialgreedandcorruption.[USA-NewYork,NY]

title:	OccupyLA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Foccupyla.org%2F
desc:	Presentseventcalendar,chat,forums,blogs,listofitemstodonate,principlesofsolidarity.[USA-LosAngeles,CA]

title:	We are the 1 percent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwestandwiththe99percent.tumblr.com%2F
desc:	Testimoniesfrompeoplewithinthe1percentwhoshowtheirsolidaritywiththe99percent.

title:	We Are the 99 Percent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwearethe99percent.tumblr.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofpicturesofpeopleholdingasignthatdescribestheirsituationandwhytheyparticipateintheprotests.

title:	Wikipedia - Occupy Movement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FOccupy_movement
desc:	HyperlinkedencyclopediaarticleabouttheinternationalprotestmovementwhichbeganwithOccupyWallStreet.

title:	Occupied Wall Street Journal, Issue 2 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fviewer%3Fa%3Dv%26pid%3Dexplorer%26srcid%3D0B-tRX4zr3JUIYWEyYjQyNTItMGJjOC00Mjg1LWI4M2ItMzJjZmQ0YWUzYmFk%26hl%3Den_US
desc:	Secondeditionofthejournalwithnewsandbackgroundsofthepeopleinvolved.

title:	Occupied Wall Street Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FWe_Are_The_99_Percent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scribd.com%2Fdoc%2F67837516%2FOccupied-Wall-Street-Journal
desc:	Firsteditionofthejournalwithnewsandbackgroundsofthepeopleinvolved.

title:	North American Solar Challenge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles%2FCompetitions&url=http%3A%2F%2Famericansolarchallenge.org%2F
desc:	Competitiontodesign,buildandracesolar-poweredcarsinacross-countryevent.Includesphotos,teamsandcardata.

title:	Nuon Solar Team, Netherlands 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles%2FCompetitions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nuonsolarteam.nl%2F
desc:	HomeoftheNuonSolarTeam.

title:	Solar Splash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles%2FCompetitions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarsplash.com%2F
desc:	TheWorldChampionshipofIntercollegiateSolarBoating.

title:	World Solar Challenge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric%2FSolar_Powered_Vehicles%2FCompetitions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldsolarchallenge.org%2F
desc:	TheWorldSolarChallengeGroupofEventsWebsite,Australia.A3,000kmracebysolarelectriccars.

title:	AltE University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.altestore.com%2Flearn%2F
desc:	Educationalarticles,onlineseminars(webinars),liveseminarsandcalculatorstolearnaboutrenewableenergy,solarelectricsystems,solarthermalandwindpower.

title:	ENF Solar Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.enfsolar.com%2F
desc:	Adirectoryofallphotovoltaicmanufacturingcompaniesandinstallersintheworld-includingsolarpanels,cells,productionequipmentandcomponents.

title:	European Photovoltaic Industry Association (EPIA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epia.org%2F
desc:	Industryassociationdevotedtothepromotionofsolarelectricity.Includesobjectives,news,technologicalaspects,publications,eventsandcontactinformation.

title:	Howstuffworks "How Solar Cells Work" 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscience.howstuffworks.com%2Fenvironmental%2Fenergy%2Fsolar-cell.htm
desc:	Solarcellsusesunlighttoproduceelectricity.Butwhathappensonacloudyday?Learnallaboutsolarcellsandwhatitwouldtaketopoweryourentirehousewithsolarenergy.

title:	IEA Photovoltaic Power Systems Programme 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iea-pvps.org%2F
desc:	InternationalEnergyAgencyhascomeupwiththiswebsitefulloffacts,figures,contacts,andeventdescriptionsonphotovoltaicenergy.

title:	InstallerInfo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.installerinfo.com%2F
desc:	Providingcountry-specificexpertsolarenergyfactstohomeownersandcommercialusers,plusatooltoshoweverylocalsolarpanelinstallationcompanyyoucancontact.

title:	The International Solar Energy Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ises-online.de%2F
desc:	Thelargest,oldest,andmostcomprehensivetechnicalbodydealingwiththetechnologyandimplementationofrenewableenergy.Promotesresearchandadvocacyonsolarelectrictechnologies.

title:	Living off the Grid: What an Adventure, Having Fun with the Sun! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ride-the-sunshine-glow.com%2Foff-the-grid.html
desc:	PersonalaccountofmovingtoNorthernNewMexicoandlearningtousesolarenergy.

title:	Metcalfs' Solar Power and Light 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsolar.metcalfs.com%2F
desc:	DetailsaboutahomesolarphotovoltaicsysteminGlendale,California.

title:	National Energy Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nef.org.uk%2Fknowledge-hub-landing%23solar-energy
desc:	Informationaboutsolarthermal,solarelectricity,biomass,windpower,andhydropower

title:	Neighborhood Solar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fneighborlysolar.com%2F
desc:	Bulkpurchasingprogramforresidentialsolarinstallations.Aimstoeducatehomeownersonthebenefitsofsolarenergyandencouragesolarinstallationcompaniestoperforminstallationsinbulkonaneighborhoodorcommunitylevel.

title:	North Carolina Clean Energy Technology Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=https%3A%2F%2Fnccleantech.ncsu.edu%2F
desc:	Someusefulinformationonsolarelectricandotherrenewables.

title:	Photovoltaics Special Research Centre, UNSW 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pv.unsw.edu.au%2F
desc:	Australianuniversityshowinginformationforprospectivesolarstudents.

title:	PowerSat Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.powersat.com%2F
desc:	Describesandpromotesaconceptofplacinglargesolarcellsinorbitandwirelesslytransferringtheenergytoareceivingstationonearth.

title:	PV Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpveducation.org
desc:	Adetailededucationalsiteonsolartechnology.

title:	Solar Electric Light Fund (SELF) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.self.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationwhichpromotes,develops,andfacilitatessolarruralelectrificationandenergyself-sufficiencyindevelopingcountries.

title:	Solar Energy Facts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.factsaboutsolarenergy.us%2F
desc:	Factsandpracticalinformationonusingsolarenergyathome.

title:	Solar Facts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solar-facts.com%2F
desc:	Informationonsolarelectricitysystems,whatyouneed,howitworks,latestdevelopments,theglobalpicture,newsandlistofmanufacturers.

title:	Solar Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsolarhome.net%2F
desc:	Aresourceguideforsolarhomepower.Includesinformationonsolarpanels,energyefficienthouses,passivesolar,incentivesandsolarlivingstories.

title:	Solar Power Answers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solar-power-answers.co.uk%2F
desc:	Informationonthedesignandapplicationofstand-alonephotovoltaicsystemsincludingsystemdesigncalculators.

title:	Solar PV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarpv.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidinginformationonthevariousSolarPhotovoltaicSystemsusedinarchitecture.

title:	Solar Warrior Photovoltaic System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarwarrior.com%2F
desc:	InformationaboutKennethandGabrielleAdelman'shugebackyardsysteminCorralitos,California,andtheirstrugglewiththepowercompany.

title:	SolarAtlas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solaratlas.com%2F
desc:	Providesresourcesandinformationonsolarenergyandalsoonotherformsofgreenandrenewableenergy.

title:	Solarbuzz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarbuzz.com%2F
desc:	Independentandtimelyinformationonsolarenergy;includingindustrystatistics,monthlysolarproductpricesurveys,technologies,andworldwidelistingofcompanies.

title:	SRoeCo Solar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsroeco.com%2Fsolar%2F
desc:	Simplisticinformationandtablesonsolarpanelsandtariffs.

title:	Texas Solar Energy Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.txses.org%2F
desc:	Educationalorganization.Containssomeinformationaboutsolarelectric.HasaK-12renewableseducationarea.

title:	Think Solar Power 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.think-solar-power.com%2F
desc:	Introductiontothebasicsofsolarpower

title:	UO SRML: Sun chart program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsolardat.uoregon.edu%2FSunChartProgram.html
desc:	UniversityofOregonSolarRadiationMonitoringLaboratory.Thisprogramcreatessunchartsfor:"typical"datesofeachmonth

title:	US Department of Energy: Sunshot Initiative 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=https%3A%2F%2Fenergy.gov%2Feere%2Fsunshot%2Fsunshot-initiative
desc:	InformationontheUSgovernment'sPVProgram.

title:	Watson Solar House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2F256stuff.com%2Fsolar%2F
desc:	Describingtheexperiencesofahomeownergettingasolararray.Includesdataandinsights.

title:	Wikipedia: Photovoltaics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FRenewable%2FSolar%2FSolar_Electric&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FPhotovoltaics
desc:	Freeencyclopediaarticleaboutphotovoltaictechnology.Addressesdevelopment,powergenerationdataandreferences.

title:	Sinclair in Cambridge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHistory%2FPioneers%2FSinclair%2C_Clive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iankitching.me.uk%2Fhistory%2Fcam%2Fsinclair.html
desc:	VerybriefhistoryofSinclairinCambridge,andofCambridgeUniversity'sSinclairBuilding.

title:	Uncle Sinclair 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHistory%2FPioneers%2FSinclair%2C_Clive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xnumber.com%2Fxnumber%2Fsinclair_notes.htm
desc:	BriefpageonSirClivefocusingonhiscalculators,thoughhealsoinventedthedigitalwatch,andwasfatheroftheBritishhomecomputerrevolution.

title:	Shells dolda verksamhet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FSamh%C3%A4lle%2FAktivism%2FMot_f%C3%B6retag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7EMIS_JH%2Fshell.html
desc:	UppmaningtillbojkottochaktionermotShell.

title:	Brennan Center for Justice - Money in Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brennancenter.org%2Fissues%2Fmoney-politics
desc:	Non-partisanpublicpolicyandlawinstitute,focusingonthefundamentalissuesofdemocracyandjustice.

title:	Center for Public Integrity - Primary Source 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.publicintegrity.org%2Fpolitics%2Fprimary-source
desc:	Providesnewsondevelopmentsinthepost-CitizensUnitedworldofmoneyinpolitics,augmentingthegroup'sinvestigativejournalism.

title:	Coalition for Accountability in Political Spending (CAPS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalspending.org%2F
desc:	Bi-partisancoalitionofpublicofficialsdedicatedtotransparencyandaccountabilityincorporatepoliticalspending,urgingcorporationstostrengthentheirpoliticalspendingpoliciesthroughacombinationofdirectengagement,pensionfundactivism,contractingreformandlegislationatthestateandlocallevel.Foundedin2010byNewYorkCityPublicAdvocateBilldeBlasio.

title:	Common Cause - Money in Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.commoncause.org%2Fissues%2Fmoney-in-politics%2F
desc:	Providesnewsandinformationontheroleofspecialinterestsinpoliticalcampaigns,andreformstohelpputdemocracybackinthehandsof"wethepeople."

title:	Conservative Transparency 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fconservativetransparency.org%2F
desc:	Interactivedatabasetrackingtheflowofmoneyamongconservativedonors,organizations,andcandidates.

title:	Democracy Journal - Everyone's Fight: The New Plan to Defeat Big Money 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.democracyjournal.org%2F27%2Feveryones-fight.php
desc:	December2013specialissuefocusedontheproblemofBigMoneyinpolitics,witheleveninvitedcontributorssharingtheirviewsandideas.

title:	FactCheck.org - 2014 Players Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.factcheck.org%2Fplayers-guide%2F2014%2F
desc:	Listofmostmajorindependentpoliticalgroupsthathavebeenactiveorexpecttobeactiveinthe2014federalelections.Includesinformationontheirfinancialsponsors,whenknown.

title:	Federal Election Commission (FEC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fec.gov%2F
desc:	DailyreportsofFECactions,citizens/mediaguidestoagencyprograms,campaignfinancereports,reportingformsandrelatedofficialinformation.FECistheindependentagencyinchargeofregulatingthefinancingoffederalpoliticalcampaigns.

title:	FollowTheMoney.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.followthemoney.org%2F
desc:	State-levelcampaignfinanceinformationnowintendedforacademics,advocacygroupsandjournalistsratherthanthegeneralpublic.Sellscustomresearchservices.

title:	Influence Explorer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Frealtime.influenceexplorer.com%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonmoneyandinfluenceinpoliticsbytrackingthebigdonors,howcompaniesandwholeindustriesspendtheirpoliticalmoney,andrecipientsofmoneyfrompoliticallyconnectedindividuals.AprojectoftheSunlightFoundation.

title:	Journalist's Resource - Elements of "Money in Politics" Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjournalistsresource.org%2Freference%2Fwriting%2Fmoney-politics
desc:	Tipsandresourcesforstoriesabouttheroleofmoneyinpolitics.FromtheHelenShorensteinCenteratHarvard.

title:	Journalist's Resource - Finance and Lobbying 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjournalistsresource.org%2Fstudies%2Fpolitics%2Ffinance-lobbying
desc:	Rangeofreports,studiesandworkingpapersonhowpoliticalmoneyandlobbyingaffectsgovernmentintheUnitedStates.FromtheJoanShorensteinCenteratHarvard.

title:	MapLight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaplight.org%2F
desc:	Combinesdatasetstoilluminatetheconnectionsbetweencampaigncontributions,legislativevotes,andsupportandoppositiontokeybillsbyinterestgroupsandcompanies.

title:	Money in Politics Handbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpdf.usaid.gov%2Fpdf_docs%2Fpnacr223.pdf
desc:	Aguidetoincreasingtransparencyinemergingdemocracies,providedbyUSAID.

title:	Moyers & Company - Money & Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbillmoyers.com%2Fspotlight%2Fmoney-politics%2F
desc:	CollectionofreportsonthecorrosiveeffectsofmoneyandcorporateinfluenceonAmericanpolitics,especiallysignificantafterthe2010CitizensUnitedrulingbytheSupremeCourt.

title:	Open Secrets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensecrets.org%2F
desc:	GuidetomoneyinU.S.politics,includingcampaignmoneyamountsandsources,searchablebyparty,candidate,lobbyistandelectioncycle.FromtheCenterforResponsivePolitics.

title:	Political MoneyLine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.politicalmoneyline.com%2F
desc:	Newsandinformationaboutcampaignfinanceincludinglobbyists,firmsandclients;donors,PACs,partiesand527s;andcandidates.FromCQRollCall.

title:	Public Campaign 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.publicampaign.org%2F
desc:	Non-profit,non-partisanorganizationdedicatedtosweepingcampaignreformthataimstodramaticallyreducetheroleofbigspecialinterestmoneyinAmericanpolitics.

title:	Public Citizen - Money in Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.citizen.org%2FPage.aspx%3Fpid%3D2726
desc:	Addressescampaignfinancereformsandcorruptioningovernmentcontracting.

title:	The Reform Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FTheReformProject
desc:	Nonpartisan,anti-corruptionorganization,ledbyBuddyRoemer,fightingboththeunfairuseofmoneyinthepoliticalsystemandtheundemocraticdevelopmentsoccurringintheUnitedStates.

title:	Represent.Us 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=https%3A%2F%2Frepresent.us%2F
desc:	Buildinganon-partisanmovementtopasstoughanti-corruptionlawsincitiesandstatesacrossAmerica,andendthelegalizedcorruptionthathascometodefinemodernpolitics.

title:	Rootstrikers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rootstrikers.org%2F
desc:	Nonprofit,nonpartisanorganizationfightingthecorruptinginfluenceofmoneyinpoliticsastherootofAmerica'sproblems.Providesresourcesandinformationonhowtogetinvolved.

title:	United Republic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FIssues%2FMoney_in_Politics&url=http%3A%2F%2Funitedrepublic.org%2F
desc:	Non-partisanorganizationfightingthecorruptinginfluenceofwell-financedspecialinterestsoverAmericanpoliticsandgovernment."Democracyisnotforsale."

title:	Planet Sinclair 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSystems%2FSinclair&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nvg.ntnu.no%2Fsinclair
desc:	ProvidesdetailsofSinclair'sproductsfromthe1960stothepresentday,withawiderangeofadditionalinformationaboutSinclairsoftwarehouses,personalities,magazines,andofcourseSirClivehimself.

title:	Home Electronics Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSystems%2FSinclair&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fhes_computing%2Fhes1.html
desc:	Service,hardwareandsoftwareprovidersforSinclairQLandZ88.LocatedinSanAntonio,Texas,USA.

title:	Sinclair Nostalgia Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSystems%2FSinclair&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interface1.net%2Fzx%2F
desc:	Siteprovidessnapshots,MIDIfiles,screensavers,counterdigitsandinformationaboutalotofhard-to-findclonesoftheSinclairmachines,focusingparticularlyonthosefromEasternEuropeandRussia.

title:	Sinclair Spectrum Vega 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSystems%2FSinclair&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zxvega.co.uk%2F
desc:	Re-makersoftheZXSpectrum,withoriginalspongykeyboardbutnewinnardsholdingmanyofthebestgames.

title:	SinTech Online-Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSystems%2FSinclair&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sintech-shop.de%2F
desc:	DealerinhardwareandsoftwareforSinclairSpectrumandother8-bitcomputers.Alsothesupport-linefortheZXSpectrumUserClub,Germany.

title:	Matulewski, Jacek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FPolski%2FKomputery%2FPlatformy%2FSinclair&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fizyka.umk.pl%2F%7Ejacek%2Fzx%2F
desc:	DokumentacjakomputeraSinclairZXSpectrum,opisygier,FAQ.

title:	Petas Sinclair QL Support Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FPlattformen%2FSinclair&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsinclairql.emuunlim.com%2F
desc:	LinksundInformationenzumQL.

title:	www.speccy.de 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FPlattformen%2FSinclair&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.speccy.de%2F
desc:	LinkszumeistenglischsprachigenSinclairSeiten.

title:	AccountAbility 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accountability.org.uk%2F
desc:	TheInstituteofSocialandEthicalAccountability,aninternationalorganisationcommittedtoenhancingtheperformanceoforganisationsinsocialandethicalaccountabilityandsustainabledevelopment.Includesnews,reports,resourcesanddialoguesoncorporateaccountabilityissues.

title:	American National Business Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anbhf.org%2F
desc:	Anonprofitbusinessethicsorganizationthathonorsexemplarybusinessleadersandeducatesstudentsandbusinessgroupsontheirvisionarymanagementmethods.Includeseducationandresearchprograms,andanacademicJournal.

title:	BizEthics.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bizethics.org%2F
desc:	ResourceforinformationaboutBusinessEthics,CorporateSocialResponsibility,andEnvironmentalSustainabilityIssues.

title:	Business Ethics at Wharton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fknowledge.wharton.upenn.edu%2Fcategory.cfm%3Fcid%3D11
desc:	Comprehensivelistofethicsresourcesincludingarticlesandresearchpapers.[Somecontentrequiresfreeregistration]

title:	Business for Social Responsibility 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bsr.org%2F
desc:	Organizationforbusinessesinterestedinethicalconductandpoliciesthatallowcommercialsuccess.

title:	BusinessEthics.ca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.businessethics.ca%2F
desc:	Clearinghouseforbusinessethicsresources,bothCanadianandinternational.Includesarticles,casestudies,consultantsandnews.

title:	The Canadian Centre for Ethics & Corporate Policy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethicscentre.ca%2F
desc:	Anindependentethicscentre,workingwithbusinessesandwithotherorganizationsinvolvedinbusinessethics,buildingprogramsandaddressingcurrentissues

title:	Caux Round Table 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cauxroundtable.org%2F
desc:	Aninternationalnetworkofbusinessleadersworkingtopromoteamoralcapitalism.

title:	Center for Business Ethics at Bentley University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bentley.edu%2Fcenters%2Fcenter-for-business-ethics
desc:	Providesaninternationalforumfortheadvancementofbusinessethics.TheCenteriscommittedtodevelopingstrategiesforethicalbusinessconductandprovidingabridgebetweentheoreticalresearchandpracticalbusinessactivity.

title:	Center for Ethical Business Cultures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cebcglobal.org%2F
desc:	Researchgroupassistingbusinessleadersincreatingethicalandprofitablebusinessculturesattheenterprise,community,andgloballevels.Siteprovidesoverviewofresearchareas,publicationsandtopicalpapers,appearancesinthenews,andrelatedlinks.

title:	Centre for Business and Public Sector Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethicscentre.org%2F
desc:	Academicresearchcentreusingitsownlateralmethodologytolookatcomplexethical,socialandenvironmentalissues.Detailspublications,research,staffandassociates.BasedinCambridge.

title:	Council of Ethical Organizations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corporateethics.com%2F
desc:	Anon-profit,non-partisanorganizationpromotingethicalandlegalconductinbusiness,governmentandtheprofessions.Detailsofevents,membership,publicationsandservices.

title:	CSR Data Networks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csrnetwork.com%2F
desc:	Portaloncorporatesocialresponsibilityinformation.Includesnews,articles,tips,chat,eventsandnewsletter.BasedinUK.

title:	Darden School of Business - The Olsson Center for Applied Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.darden.virginia.edu%2Folsson%2F
desc:	Academiccenterforthestudyofethics.Servesasacriticalresourceforexecutives,scholars,students,andalumniwhoareworkingtointegrateethicalthinkingintobusinessdecision-making.

title:	The Defense Industry Initiative on Business Ethics and Conduct 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dii.org%2F
desc:	AconsortiumofU.S.defenseindustrycontractorswhichsubscribestoasetofprinciplesforachievinghighstandardsofbusinessethicsandconduct.

title:	Ethics & Compliance Officer Association (ECOA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theecoa.org%2F
desc:	Informationformanagersofethics,complianceandbusinessconductprograms.

title:	The Ethics Institute of South Africa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethicsa.org%2F
desc:	Independent,non-partisanorganisationthatpromotesandadvancesethicalpracticesinSouthAfrica.Informationonnewsletter,membership,services,eventsandforum.

title:	Ethics Resource Center  (ERC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethics.org%2F
desc:	Anonprofitorganizationworkingtobeacatalystinfosteringethicalpracticesinindividualsandinstitutionsthroughprogramsandpublicationsinbusinessandorganizationalethics,globalintegrityandcharacterdevelopment.

title:	IMC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imcusa.org%2F
desc:	Anot-for-profit,professionalassociationfoundedtosetstandardsofprofessionalismandethicsforthemanagementconsultingprofession.

title:	Institute for Business and Professional Ethics -- DePaul University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcommerce.depaul.edu%2Fethics%2F
desc:	Links,publicationsandotherresourcesfromforumtoencourageethicaldeliberationindecision-makersbystirringthemoralconscienceandimagination.

title:	The Institute for Business, Technology and Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethix.org%2F
desc:	Seekstopromotegoodbusinessthroughappropriatetechnologyandsoundethics.Detailsofbi-monthlynewsletter,membership,corporatesponsorsandethicalchecklists.

title:	Institute for Global Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalethics.org%2F
desc:	anindependent,nonprofit,nonsectarian,andnonpartisanorganizationdedicatedtopromotingawarenessanddiscussionofglobalethics.

title:	Institute of Business Ethics in London 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibe.org.uk%2F
desc:	Informationandlinks,primarilyinEurope.

title:	International Business Ethics Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.business-ethics.org%2F
desc:	FosteringGlobalbusinesspracticeswhichpromoteequitableeconomicdevelopment,resourcesustainabilityandjustformsofgovernment.

title:	Jewish Business Ethics: An Introductory Perspective 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jlaw.com%2FArticles%2FJewBusEthI.html
desc:	ThisarticledealswiththesubjectofbusinessethicsfromtheperspectiveofJewishLaw.

title:	Journal of Business Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Flink.springer.com%2Fjournal%2F10551
desc:	ThestandardjournalforBusinessEthicsthateverystudent,professorandbusinesspersonshouldconsult.Tablesofcontentsandperiodically-refreshedarticlesamplesareavailableatthissite,asaresubscriptionandarticlesubmissioninformation.

title:	The London Benchmarking Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbg-online.net%2F
desc:	Agroupofinternationalbusinesseswhoareseekingtomanage,measureandreportontheirinvolvementinthecommunity.Detailsofmembers,benchmarkingmodelandmembership.

title:	National Ethics Bureau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethicscheck.com%2F
desc:	Promotesconsumerconfidencebyprovidingunbiasedverificationofbusinesscredentialsandconfirmationofethicalconductforprofessionaladvisorsnationwide.

title:	Net Impact 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netimpact.org%2F
desc:	Internationalnonprofitinspiring,educating,andequippingindividualstousethepowerofbusinesstocreateamoresociallyandenvironmentallysustainableworld.Informationonprofessionalandstudentschapters,conferences,projectsandresources.

title:	Santa Clara University - Markkula Center for Applied Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scu.edu%2Fethics%2Fpracticing%2Ffocusareas%2Fbusiness%2F
desc:	Businessethicssubsectionofthesite.Providesaframeworkforethicaldecisionmakingandcasesthatraisetypicalethicaldilemmasconfrontedbyyoungpeople.

title:	Society for Business Ethics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.societyforbusinessethics.org%2F
desc:	Internationalorganisationofacademicsconductingresearchinbusinessethics.Informationonmission,newsletter,events,membershipandquarterlyjournal.

title:	Vasin, Heyn & Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEthics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vhcoaudit.com%2F
desc:	ACPAandmanagementconsultantfirmspecializinginsocialresponsibilityaudits,withinformationalarticlesonlinedetailinghowtoperformsocialresponsibilityaudits.

title:	Bangkokmail.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FE-mail&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bangkokmail.com%2F
desc:	Freeweb-basedemail.

title:	Hong Kong Technology Information Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hktechnology.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commercesolutionsandhostingservicesfromHongKongandShanghai.

title:	NTT DATA FA Insurance Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nttdata-ndfs.com%2Findex.html
desc:	OfferssoftwareproductsandITservicesfortheinsuranceindustry.HeadofficeinSingapore,locationsaroundtheworld.

title:	Acme Sales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Facmesales.biz%2F
desc:	Specialistmanufacturerofcustompolystyrenefoampackagingincludingmeattrays,cakecirclesandcommodityitems.FeaturescasehistoriesandFAQs.

title:	Alufoil Products Pvt. Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alufoilindia.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofkitchenandpharmaceuticalfoil,clingfilm,andaluminiumcontainers.Featuresfoilfactsandtechnicaldata.

title:	Anchor Europe Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anchor-europe.co.uk%2F
desc:	Suppliersofdisposablemicrowavecontainersforreadymeals.Detailsavailableservicesandproductrangeincludinglids,homemealreplacementtraysandchickenroasters.

title:	ArpanFP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arpanfp.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturerandsupplierofpapercupsbasedinMumbai,India.

title:	Asianet UK, Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asianetbags.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturersofbreadbags,microperforatedbags,filmsandfoodpackagingpouches.Containssomepicturesofproductsandacompanyoverview.

title:	Biodegradable Food Service, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bdfs.net%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofbiodegradableandcompostablepackagingproducts.Hasinformationaboutproductsandthetechnologyused,aswellasaFAQ.

title:	BiodegradableStore.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biodegradablestore.com%2F
desc:	Suppliesbiodegradablefoodserviceproductssuchasbiobags,cornplasticandbagasseproducts.

title:	Cartotecnica Olimpia s.r.l. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartotecnica-olimpia.it%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofpaper,cardandaluminiumpackaging,lids,anddisplaypackssuitableforfoodproducts.Contactsanddetailsofproductionfacilities.

title:	Chadwicks of Bury Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chadwicks-lids.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofheatsealpre-cutlidsinavarietyofmaterialsforthefoodindustry,offeringflexographicprinting.Customerlistandonlinequotations.

title:	Coextruded Plastic Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cptplastics.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofhighbarrierpackaging,oventrays,liddingandflexiblethermoformingfilm,vacuumpackagingandpouches.Containsspecificationsandpicturesofproducts.

title:	Confoil Pty Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.confoil.com.au%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofaluminiumfoilcontainers,dualovenableboardtrays,foodwrappinganddisplaycabinets.Downloadablecatalogue,manualsandspecificationsheets.

title:	Dempson Packaging Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dempson.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersfoodgradepaper,polytheneandfoilpackaging.Carrierbags,serviettesandcolourprintingarealsoavailable.Onlineorderstatusandenvironmentalpolicy.

title:	Dyne-a-pak Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dyneapak.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturersanddistributorsoffoamtraystothegrocery,meatpacking,bakedgoods,seafoodandfastfoodindustries.LocatedinLaval,QuebecCanada.

title:	Ekan Concepts Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ekanconcepts.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturerofFlexiboxflexiblewoodenveneercasepackaging,usedforwine,liquor,coffee,spicesandcheese.Includesproductanimationandpackaginggallery.

title:	Expoplast 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.expoplastplastic.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofplasticdisposablecups.Turkey.

title:	Finest City Paper, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.finestcitypaper.com%2F
desc:	Retailerwhospecializesinpaper,plastic,foamandaluminumcontainers.Includesageneraloverviewoftheservicesandproductsprovided,aswellascontactdetails.

title:	Framarx/Waxstar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.framarx.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinwaxedandcoatedpaperforfoodcompanies.Productsincludepattyandrollpaper,interleaversheets,andbreadbags.Itemspecificationsandonlineordering.

title:	Grays Packaging Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grays-packaging.co.uk%2F
desc:	Suppliersoffoodindustryplasticpackaging.Siteincludespricelist,contactinformation,andmaplink.

title:	H.S. Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hsfoodservers.com%2F
desc:	Insulatedcontainerstokeepproductshotorcool,alsofoodpresentationandservingtablewareforrestaurants.Downloadablecatalogueandsupplierlocator.

title:	Honor Plastic Industrial Co. Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.honor-cups.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturersofplasticdrinkingcupsandlids.Containspicturesandspecificationsofproducts,companyinformationandcharacteristicsofthematerialsusedtomanufacturetheproducts.

title:	Huhtamaki Oyj 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huhtamaki.com%2F
desc:	Disposablepackagingmanufacturedfrompaper,plastic,filmsormoldedfiber.Productsincludeplates,bowls,cups,napkins,containersandcarriers.Mediaandinvestormaterialsandcorporatepolicies.

title:	Innovatra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FIndustrial_Goods_and_Services%2FPackaging%2FSupplies%2FFood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.innovatra.com%2F
desc:	Packagingsolutionsforcompaniesinthebeverage,dairy,food,wineandpharmaceuticalindustries.Containscontactmapandoverviewofproductsectorsandranges.

title:	Madras.pm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FPerl%2FUser_Groups%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmadras.pm.org%2F
desc:	Discussionforumavailable.LocatedinTamilNadu,SouthIndia.

title:	Perl in Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FPerl%2FUser_Groups%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fperl.org.il%2F
desc:	Listingoflocalinformation,trainingcenters,project,newsgroup.

title:	Pune.pm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FPerl%2FUser_Groups%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpune.pm.org%2F
desc:	Includesanadvocacysection,feedbackform,andtheleader'sprofile.LocatedinIndia.

title:	Rehovot.pm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FProgramming%2FLanguages%2FPerl%2FUser_Groups%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Frehovot.pm.org%2F
desc:	Listsmailinglistinformationandlinkstorecommendedresources.LocatedinRehovot,Israel.

title:	HostCheap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hostcheap.com%2F
desc:	OfferscPanelhosting,VPSanddedicatedservers.

title:	Sutrix Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sutrixmedia.com%2F
desc:	Centeredonthedevelopmentofcompletefrontandback-endapplicationsfortheInternet,intranetsandextranets.

title:	Brix Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brix.com.tw%2F
desc:	Deliverscontentmanagement,B2BandB2Ce-Commercesolutionsforenterprises.

title:	Cnudde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FIndustri%C3%ABle_Goederen_en_Diensten%2FVerpakking%2FOp_Branche%2FVoedings-_en_Genotmiddelen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnudde.be%2F
desc:	Produceertenverhandelteierverpakking,fruitverpakking,golfkartonenrandartikelen.Metinformatieoverhetbedrijfendeproducten.

title:	Mol D'Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FIndustri%C3%ABle_Goederen_en_Diensten%2FVerpakking%2FOp_Branche%2FVoedings-_en_Genotmiddelen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moldart.be%2F
desc:	Chocoladevormen,machines,verpakkingenverpakkingsmateriaalvoorpatisserieenchocolatier.

title:	Oostergo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FIndustri%C3%ABle_Goederen_en_Diensten%2FVerpakking%2FOp_Branche%2FVoedings-_en_Genotmiddelen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oostergo.org%2F
desc:	Verpakkenvanfood,petfoodenoverigeproducten.Montage,assemblageenmetaalbewerking.

title:	Verpakkingen Donckers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FIndustri%C3%ABle_Goederen_en_Diensten%2FVerpakking%2FOp_Branche%2FVoedings-_en_Genotmiddelen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.packaging-donckers.com%2F
desc:	Verkoopvaneenruimassortimentvanvoedingssupportsuitkartonvoordevoedingssector.

title:	BUUG - Berkeley Unix User Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FUser_Groups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buug.org%2F
desc:	MeetstwicemonthlyindowntownBerkeleyandhostsamailinglist.

title:	Home Unix Machine Brisbane User Group (HUMBUG) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FUser_Groups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhumbug.org.au%2F
desc:	ThegroupsupportsallUnixvariations,notjustLinux.TheyprovideanIRCchatgroupandregularmeetings(withprevioustalksavailableonline),alibrary(hardware,tools,CDs,books),talksandtheusageofthehumbug.org.audomainname.

title:	TFUG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FUser_Groups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tfug.org%2F
desc:	TucsonFreeUnixGroup.

title:	UK Unix User Group: UKUUG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FUnix%2FUser_Groups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukuug.org%2F
desc:	MainUKgroupforallusersofUnix,andotheropencomputeroperatingsystems.

title:	LOT Transportation Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUkraine%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Flot-trans.com%2F
desc:	LOTprovidesthemostprofessionalfreightforwardingservicesinUkraine,C.I.Sandworldwide.LOToffersfullrangeoflashingsupplyservices,handlingoperationsinNikolayevports,charteringandshipagencyservices.

title:	7 Arena 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.7arena.com%2F
desc:	Provideswebdesignanddevelopment,softwaredevelopmentandmobileapplications.

title:	Affno 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Faffno.com%2F
desc:	CompanyprovidingsystemsforWeb-baseddocumentmanagement,e-learning,workflowmanagement,airlines,andstockmarket.Alsoprovidesoutsourcedsoftwaredevelopmentservicesandwebportals.

title:	Calcey Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calcey.com%2F
desc:	Deliversoffshoreoutsourcedinternetsoftwaresolutions,webdesignanddevelopment,datawarehousinganddataentry.

title:	Centuryware Solutions (Pvt) Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centuryware.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesWebsitedesignandwebapplicationdesigns.

title:	comtechlanka.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comtechlanka.com%2F
desc:	Provideswebdesigningserviceandsearchengineoptimizedwebsites.

title:	Creations Arena 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creationsarena.com%2F
desc:	Provideswebdevelopmentandmultimediasolutions.

title:	Crystalaxis Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crystalaxis.com%2F
desc:	Afull-servicewebdesignanddevelopmentproductionstudio.

title:	Cyber Concepts (Pvt) Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcyberconceptslk.com%2F
desc:	AsoftwarecompanyspecializingincustomizedERPSolutionsandWebbasede-commercesolutions.

title:	DesignSolv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.designsolv.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesstaticandinteractiveFlash-basedwebsites,PHP,JAVA,.NETJ2EEbaseddynamicdatabase-drivencorporatewebsites.

title:	e-Vision 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fevisionlk.com%2F
desc:	Provideswebsitedesign,on-linemarketing,flashmultimedia,Logodesign,videoeditingandsoftwaredeveloping.

title:	Ecode Lanka Software (Pvt) Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecode.lk%2F
desc:	Providessoftwaredevelopment,websitemaintenanceandsearchengineoptimization.

title:	First2click 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.first2click.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesbusinessITsolutionindomain,hosting,staticanddynamicwebsite,design,graphics,animation,onlineshopping,e-commerceapplications

title:	FRS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frslk.com%2F
desc:	Provideswebdesign,softwaredevelopmentandnetworkingservices.

title:	HSenid Outsourcing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hsenidoutsourcing.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwaredevelopment,mobileappdevelopment,webanddigitalmarketingandconsulting.

title:	Interblocks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interblocks.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commerceandsoftwaredevelopmentservices.

title:	Isandi Creations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isandi.com%2F
desc:	Provideswebdevelopment,designingandpromotion.

title:	Kawdoco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kawdoco.com%2F
desc:	Servicesofferedincludewebdesignanddevelopment,PHP,mysqldatabasedevelopment,FlashdesignandLinuxwebhosting.

title:	Ogives Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fogives.lk%2F
desc:	Provideswebdesign,webdevelopmentandSearchengineoptimization.

title:	Saberion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saberion.com%2F
desc:	Offerswebsitedesign,webdevelopment,outsourcingandmobileapplicationdevelopments.

title:	Sithil Solutions (Pvt) Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sithil.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesITservicesandsolutionstobusinessesbothintheFederalandCommercialsectors.

title:	SP Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sp-solutions.biz%2F
desc:	Provideswebsiteandsoftwaredevelopmentservices.

title:	Vesess 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vesess.com%2F
desc:	Offerswebdesign,development,consultancy,marketingandsiteoptimizationservices,focusingonwebstandards.

title:	Virus Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virusinc.org%2F
desc:	Providessoftware,databasedesignandwebdevelopmentservices.Includesportfolioandcontactdetails.

title:	Web Crafts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webcraftscreations.com%2F
desc:	Servicesincludewebsitedesigning,graphicdesigning,flashdesigningande-commercesolutions.

title:	webgenius.lk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FWeb_Design_and_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webgenius.lk%2F
desc:	Websolutionsprovider,offeringwebdesigning,hosting,anddevelopment.

title:	Arklow Shipping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arklowshipping.nl%2F
desc:	Shippingcompanywithafleetof37ships.Profile,fleetspecifications,photos,primaryroutes,andcontactdetailsforofficesinArklowandRotterdam.

title:	FreeCargo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freecargo.com%2F
desc:	Databaseofavailablefreight,andemptyequipment,designedforshippers,brokers,hauliersandtruckowners.Includeddirectoryoffirmssortedbycountry.

title:	Herfurth Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdsbo.com%2F
desc:	Storage,andshippingbyroadandsea.Companyprofile,servicesoffered,andcontactdetailsforofficesinBelgium,TheNetherlands,France,Germany,UnitedKingdom,andIran.

title:	Removals Brokers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.removalsbrokers.co.uk%2F
desc:	ObtainquotesforremovalsbetweenvariouscountriesinEurope.Companyprofile,servicesoffered,andremovalguide.

title:	Victor Treacy International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvictortreacy.eu%2F
desc:	FreightferryagencywithofficesinIrelandandEngland.Profileandservices.

title:	Ukraine International Airlines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUkraine%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flyuia.com%2F
desc:	AsUkraine'snumberonecarriertoday,UIA'sflightsjoinUkrainewithWesternEurope.UIAisthefirstUkrainianairlinetobecomeanIATAandIATAClearingHouse-approvedmember.

title:	Norwegian BSD User Group (NOBUG) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FData%2FProgramvare%2FOperativsystem%2FUnix%2FBrukergrupper&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnobug.no%2F
desc:	Informasjonomderese-postlisteoglenkertilBSD-distribusjonerognorskefirmasomjobbermedBSD.

title:	AUM Group Computers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FSrpski%2FPosao%2FFirme%2FInformati%C4%8Dki_sistemi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aum.rs%2F
desc:	Novosadskopreduzeceizoblastracunarskeopreme.Informacijeofirmi,zaposlenima,ilokaciji.

title:	BTR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FSrpski%2FPosao%2FFirme%2FInformati%C4%8Dki_sistemi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.btr.rs%2F
desc:	Sistemintegratoruoblastiinformacionihitelekomunikacionihtehnologijasareferencamaikatalogom.

title:	CPM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FSrpski%2FPosao%2FFirme%2FInformati%C4%8Dki_sistemi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpm.rs%2F
desc:	Ovlascenipredstavniksoftverskekompanije"PrimaveraSystems",itrenerzaspecijalizovanesoftverezaupravljanjeprojektima.

title:	The Association of Mediterranean Cruise Ports 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FPorts%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medcruise.com%2F
desc:	InformationonMediterraneanCruisePorts.

title:	Air Business 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airbusonline.com%2F
desc:	Distributionbusinessspecialisinginmassmailingperiodicalsanddirectmail.Detailsofservicesincludinginternationaldirectinjection,mailingnewsandcompanybackground.

title:	Anglo Pacific 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anglopacific.co.uk%2F
desc:	London,ManchesterandGlasgow.Internationalremovalsandshippingcompany.Includesprofile,informationonshippingservices,trackingfacility,testimonials,termsandconditions,andcareeropportunities.

title:	Arrowpak International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arrowpak.co.uk%2F
desc:	SuffolkandCambridgeshire.Offeringinternationalremovalsandstorage,furnituredistribution,commercialtransportationandwarehousing,carimportandexport,andUSMilitaryrelocation.Includesinformationonservices,quotationform,FAQsandcurrentvacancies.

title:	Commercial Trading Company Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctc.co.uk%2F
desc:	SurreyandEssex.Companyprovidingspecialistremovalsofmachinery,equipment,anddelicateandspecialitems,alsoofferingcontractlifting,warehousing,freighthandlingandforwardingservices.

title:	The Container Man, UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thecontainerman.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersshippingsecurity,storageandshippingcontainerstohireorforsale.Profile,servicesanddepotsinEnglandandScotland.

title:	G4S 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g4s.com%2F
desc:	Internationalbusinesstobusinessgroupspecialisinginsecurity,distributionandcommunicationservices.

title:	IFS Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ifsgroup.com%2F
desc:	Logisticscompanyofferingcourierservices,freightforwardingandsupplychainmanagement.Providescompanyinformationandaguidetotheair,seaandroadsubsidiarycompanies.

title:	Import Services Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.importservices.co.uk%2F
desc:	Contractlogisticsserviceproviderofferinglogisticsanddistributionsolutions.

title:	Maurice Ward Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mauriceward.com%2F
desc:	Providesecurityoftransit,door-to-door,worldwide.

title:	Meachers Global Logistics  
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meachersglobal.com%2F
desc:	Distribution,transport,warehousingandlogisticscompanybasedinSouthampton.

title:	Mini Clipper Logistics Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miniclipper.co.uk%2F
desc:	Logisticscompanyprovidingwarehousing,distributionandnextdaydeliveryservices.Bedfordshirebased.

title:	Pall-Ex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pallex.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersapalletiseddeliverynetworkacrossEuropeandtheUK,warehousingandlogistics.Describesitsservicesandincludesonlinetrackingandawardswon.

title:	Restore Document Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.restore.co.uk%2F
desc:	Suffolk.Companyofferingnationalandinternationalstorage,removal,archivingandconfidentialdestructionservicesforscientific,medicalandindustrialsectors,withaspecialityinlibrarymoves.

title:	S & S Distribution Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssdistribution.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesarangeofdistributionsolutionsfromsinglepalletstofullloads.Includescompanyprofileandmaintenanceservices.Tonbridge,Kent.

title:	Stubbs  Removers Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stubbsintmovers.com%2F
desc:	Furnitureremovalsandstorage,includingoverseas,basedinBlackburnandPreston,Lancashire.Detailsofserviceswithprofileandquoteform.

title:	Warrant Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.warrant-group.com%2F
desc:	Providesroadhaulage,freightforwarding,andlogisticsservicesinUKandEurope.

title:	Wincanton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wincanton.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providersofspecialistlogisticalanddistributionservices.Includingcompanyinformation,pressreleasesandfullcontactdetails.

title:	NL Unix User Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FBesturingssystemen%2FUnix%2FGebruikersgroepen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nluug.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuws,algemeneinformatie,ledeneneenselectielinks.GedeeltelijkinhetEngelsgesteld.

title:	Port Focus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FPorts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fportfocus.com%2F
desc:	Portinformationanddataforportsaroundtheworld.

title:	The Company Amiga EXE Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FPolski%2FKomputery%2FPlatformy%2FAmiga&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthecompany.pl%2F
desc:	GryzkomputeraAmigawpostaciEXEdlaPC.

title:	Boryspil Airport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUkraine%2FProvinces%2FKyiv_Oblast%2FKyiv%2FTransportation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fkbp.kiev.ua%2F
desc:	Internationalairport.Flightinformationdisplay,passengerservicesandtransportation.Interactivemap.

title:	Linux Werkgroep Groningen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FBesturingssystemen%2FLinux%2FGebruikersgroepen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hccgroningen.nl%2Flinux%2Flinux.html
desc:	Linuxwerkgroepgroningen,eenLinuxafdelingvandeHCC.

title:	Nederlandse Linux Gebruikers Groep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FBesturingssystemen%2FLinux%2FGebruikersgroepen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nllgg.nl%2F
desc:	LinuxgebruikersgroepvoorhetNederlandsetaalgebied.DeNLLGGwilLinuxgebruikersbijelkaarbrengenzodatzijelkaarkunnenhelpenwaarnodig.OokwilzewaarmogelijkmeerbekendheidgevenaanLinux.

title:	A&P Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ap-group.co.uk%2F
desc:	Shiprepairandconversionservice.News,companyprofileanddrydocklocations.

title:	Arbour Shipping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arbourshipping.com%2F
desc:	Acompanyprovidingtransportlogisticsservices.Includesdetailsofservicesoffered,optionsandcontactdetails.

title:	Calvey Marine Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calveymarine.co.uk%2F
desc:	Agencyfacilitatingshiprepairworldwide.Includesprofiles,informationonserviceprovidersandfacilities,termsandconditions,andcontactdetails.

title:	Cromac Smith Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cromacsmith.co.uk%2F
desc:	OfferingoceanandairfreightontheAsiatoEuropetradelane.Includesservice,schedule,rateandcompanyinformation.

title:	CW Kellock & Co 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cwkellock.com%2F
desc:	Internationalbrokersforthesaleandpurchaseofalltypesofmaritimevessel.BasedinLondon.

title:	The Marine Travel Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themarinetravel.co.uk%2F
desc:	Independentcompanyprovidingdedicatedmaritimetravel,crewlogistics,seamanfaresandshipscrewtravelservicestotheshippingandmarineindustry.

title:	Northern Lighthouse Board 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nlb.org.uk%2F
desc:	Theorganisationprovidesreliable,low-maintenanceandcost-effectivenetworkofaidetonavigation,backedbyasafe,efficient,economicandprofessionalsupportorganisation.

title:	Shipley Transport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shipleytransport.co.uk%2F
desc:	Bradfordbasedcompanyprovidingshippingandwarehousingservices.Includingcompanyprofileandfullcontactdetails.

title:	Solent area ship tracking, webcams, news and live marine radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ship-tracking.co.uk%2F
desc:	MapswithliveshippositionsintheSolent,IsleofWight,SouthamptonandPortsmouth.Solentshippingnews.LivemarineradioSouthamptonVTS,PortsmouthQHMamdSolentCoastguard.Rydeshippingandweatherwebcam.

title:	Access Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accessstorage.com%2F
desc:	Over50branchesnationwideforpersonalandbusinessstorage,storageunitsandmanagedarchiving.Overview,services,newsandlocateastore.

title:	Acme Self Store 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acmeselfstore.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidingsafeselfstoragefacilitiesforcommercialanddomesticuseintheWalsallarea.Includespackagingsolutionsandspacecalculator

title:	Active Supply & Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.askactive.com%2F
desc:	Selfstoragepartitioningsupplier.

title:	Admiral Self Storage Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.admiralstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Secureselfstorageforhomeandofficefurniture,documentsandpallets.Informationonpricing,calculatingvolumeandpackagingsupplied.BranchinWalsall.

title:	Admiral's Yard Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.admiralsyard.co.uk%2F
desc:	Detailsofprices,locationsandterms.StorageinWandsworth,Sheffield,SloughandLeeds.

title:	Andover Mini Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andoverministorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	ContainerstoragejustoutsideAndover,Hampshire.Shortorlongtermlet,CCTVonsite.

title:	Anglia Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angliaselfstorage.com%2F
desc:	ContainerstorageinLincolnwith24-houraccess,sevendaysaweek.

title:	Archive 2000 UK Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archive2000.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersdocumentstorageandarchivemanagementintheWestMidlands.

title:	Archive Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archiveservices.co.uk%2F
desc:	Officedocumentstorage,retrievalanddestructionservice.BasedinWolverhampton.

title:	Archives Express 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.btconnect.com%2FArchives-Express%2F
desc:	Specialistsindatastorageservices.Informationonarchiveservice,documentdestruction,collectionsanddelivery.LocatedinKingsLynn.

title:	Ark Secure Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arksecurestorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Securedocumentstorage,archivingandshreddingserviceinanuclearbunkerfacility.Detailsofstorage,buildingandonlineforms.LocatednearSalcombeinDevon.

title:	Armourstore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.armourstore.co.uk%2F
desc:	SteelshippingcontainersforstorageinEly,Cambridgeshire.Freeaccess,withsecuritypersonnelonsite24/7.

title:	AutoVault 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autovaultcarstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Secureanddehumidifiedcarstoragewarehouse.Detailsofpricesandservice.LocatedinEssex.

title:	Ayrshire Storage Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ayrshirestorage.com%2F
desc:	Securecommercialanddomesticstorage,shelving,containersandwarehousefacilities.Informationonprices,servicesandopeningtimes.BasedinIrvine.

title:	Ben's Storage Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bensstoragesolutions.co.uk%2F
desc:	SelfStorageinBerkshire,Surrey,MiddlesexandOxfordshire.Includessitelocationmap,typesofcontainerstorageavailable,securitydetailsandaccesstimes.

title:	The Big Space 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thebigspace.co.uk%2F
desc:	Summerstorageforstudents,postgraduatesandstaffattheuniversitiesofDundee,AbertayandStAndrews.Detailsofprocedure,pricesandspecialoffers.

title:	Big Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigstorage.info%2F
desc:	SelfstoragefacilitiesinNorthWestEngland.DetailsoflocationsandFAQs.

title:	Big Web Warehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.big-web-warehouse.co.uk%2F
desc:	Storage,warehousing,archivingandfulfilmentfacilities.

title:	The Big Yellow Self Storage Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigyellow.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offers24hourselfstorageservicesforbusinessanddomesticusers.Detailsofprices,location,storageneedscalculatorandonlineshopsellingboxes.WarehousesinSouthWalesandtheSouthofEngland.

title:	Box-It 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boxit.co.uk%2F
desc:	Rangeofdocumentmanagementservices,includingdocumentstorage,destruction,scanningandon-lineaccesstofiles.Includeslistoflocalbranches.

title:	Bullbridge Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bullbridgestorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Secureclassiccarstorageindoors,withfullcarcaremaintenanceprogramforyourvehicle.BasedinSussex.

title:	Cambridge Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cambridge-storage.co.uk%2F
desc:	ArchivinganddocumentstorageforlocalbusinessesintheCambridgeArea.

title:	Cardiff Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cardiffselfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	CardiffSelfStorageprovidesselfstorage,caravanandmotorhomestorage,boatstorage,carandlorrystorage.

title:	The Chatham Archive Document Storage Company Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chathamarchive.co.uk%2F
desc:	Documentstorage.Detailsofservices,locationandfacilities

title:	Chichester Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chichesterstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Storagein20'containers,allundercover,nearChichester.

title:	Container Team 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.containerteam.co.uk%2F
desc:	Container-basedselfstorageatanylocation.Detailsofrefurbishments,refrigeratedstorage,salesandhire.BasedinWeston-Super-Mare.

title:	Dainton Self Store 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dainton.com%2F
desc:	Selfstorage,portablebuildingsandcontainersalesandhire.Detailsofservicesandprices.BasedinNewtonAbbott.

title:	DataSpace Scotland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dataspacescotland.co.uk%2F
desc:	Specialisesindocumentmanagementanddatabackupsolutions.

title:	Docusave 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.docusave.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersdocumentstorage,retrievalandcataloguingserviceforbusinesses.informationonservice,storage,destructionandclienttestimonials.BasedinSurrey.

title:	East Dorset Warehousing & Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eastdorsetstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offerspick'n'pack,warehousinganddistributionservicestoregionalcompaniesandimporters.BasedinEastDorset.

title:	Easy Access Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easyaccessselfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	StoragefordomesticandcommercialclientsintheStockportarea.

title:	Extra Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.extrastorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	ExtrastorageprovidelowcostselfstoragesolutionsandworkshopsinBrownhills,WestMidlands

title:	File Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.file-centre.co.uk%2F
desc:	Document,microfilm,imagingandfurniturestorage.BasedinBristol.

title:	Fort Box Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortbox.co.uk%2F
desc:	SelfstorageroomsincentralLondonandOxford.Spacecalculatorandstoragetips.Alsosellspackagingsupplies.

title:	Hamiltons Car Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamiltonscarstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Storagefacilityforclassic,sportsandprestigevehicles.Includesstorageoptionsandtariffs.

title:	Henfield Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storage-units.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersselfstoragetoconsumersandbusinessesinLondonandSussexwithafreecollectionservice.

title:	Hereford Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.herefordstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Businessandhouseholdstorage2milesfromHerefordCentre.Securedrydrive-upunitstorent.Awidevarietyofstorageunitsizestochoosefrom.

title:	The Hill Company Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thehillcompany.co.uk%2F
desc:	Securedatamanagementservicesincludingdocumentandmagneticmediastorage.

title:	Instant Space 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.instant-space.co.uk%2F
desc:	Temporarywarehousingsolutionsincludingtemporarystructures,storageandbuildings.

title:	Iron Mountain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ironmountain.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesinformationmanagement,recordmanagementanddataprotectionservices.Detailsofservices,locationsandweb-basedindexing.

title:	JPH Storage Service Ipswich 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jphstorage.com%2F
desc:	Warehousing,distributionandlogisticsbusiness.Detailsofservices,selfstorageunits,locationandcompanybackground.

title:	Judges Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.judgesrentalandstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	OfferslongandshorttermsecurestorageunitsinAshford,Kent.Includesoverview,pricesandlocation.

title:	K Pak 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kpakltd.co.uk%2F
desc:	AFineArtandAntique,shippingandstoragefacilitywithtemperaturecontrolledprivatestoragerooms.BasedinSouthWestLondon.

title:	Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.managementarchives.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersdocumentstorageservice.Detailsofservices,security,firesafesandlocation.

title:	Max Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaxselfstorage.com%2F
desc:	Detailsofcosts,typicalusers,adviceandterms.BasedinCirencester.

title:	Merthyr Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.merthyrselfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesportablemoving&storagesolutionstomeetyourstoragespaceneedsinSouthWales.

title:	Midnite Express 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mnx.com%2F
desc:	Multinationalcompanyspecialisinginshippingtimesensitivematerial.

title:	NK Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nkstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Storageandwarehousingofbulkandpalletisedgoods.Informationonservices,storageoptionsandtransport.BasedinNorthLincolnshire.

title:	Oldham Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldhamselfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Commercialandpersonalselfstorageservice.Detailsofrates,location,storageoptionsandpackingaccessories.

title:	Priory Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.priorystorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Documentstoragewithcollection/retrievalservicesandretentionmanagement.BasedinSouthEastEngland.

title:	Quickstore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quickstore.co.uk%2F
desc:	Costeffectivestoragesolutionsforarchivesdomesticandgeneralcustomers.BasedinDevon.

title:	Ready Steady Store 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.readysteadystore.com%2F
desc:	24hourselfstorageserviceforresidentialandbusinessusers.Profile,pricesandbranchlocator.

title:	Safestore Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.safestore.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersself-storageandincludeslocations,spacecalculator,andstoragetips.

title:	Secure Data Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.securedatamgt.com%2F
desc:	IndependentdocumentstorageandretrievalcompanybasedinLondon;aregisteredcarbon-neutralcompany.

title:	Secure-Store 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesecure-store.com%2F
desc:	Providesbusiness,personalandarchiveselfstorageforBeds,HertsandBucks;basedinLeightonBuzzardandLetchworth.

title:	SecureCaravanStorage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.securecaravanstorage.com%2F
desc:	OffersthreecaravanstoragesitesnearmotorwayjunctionswitheasyaccesstoNorthWales

title:	Self Storage Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.selfstoragecentre.com%2F
desc:	Domesticandbusinessstorage,archives,houseremovalsandvanhirethroughouttheUK.

title:	SelfStoreIt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.selfstoreit.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providingmodernpurposebuiltself-storagefacilitiesforcommercialordomesticuse.LocatedinPeterborough,NorthamptonandCorby.

title:	Sentry Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sentryselfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersdomesticandbusinessstorageservicesintheSouthofEngland.Abestpriceguaranteeisavailableandnodepositisrequired.

title:	Smart Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smart-storage.co.uk%2F
desc:	SelfstorageandpackagingmaterialsinLiverpool,Preston,Warrington,WidnesandBromboroughWirral.

title:	Space Centres 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spacecentreselfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	SelfstoragecontainersforbothdomesticandbusinesscustomerscoveringGloucester,StroudandBristolandsurroundingareas.

title:	Space Station 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.space-station.co.uk%2F
desc:	Warehouseandexternalcontainersavailableforselfstorage.Detailsofbusinessanddomesticservices.CentresinWestLondonandSlough.

title:	Spaces and Places 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spaces-and-places.co.uk%2F
desc:	BusinessspaceanddocumentandselfstorageintheWarwickshire,Cheshire,andWarickshire.

title:	Mesa Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FBesturingssystemen%2FUnix&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mesa.nl%2F
desc:	Technische-enopleidingsdienstenvoorUnix-integratieenInternet.Nieuws,algemeneinformatie,referenties,vacaturesenmogelijkheidsoftwaretedownloaden.

title:	Rhodix Unix professionals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FSoftware%2FBesturingssystemen%2FUnix&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rhodix.com%2F
desc:	Consultancy,projectorganisatie,beheerenopleidingenvoorSun,OracleenVeritas.

title:	Spurr Classic Cars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carstorage.uk.net%2F
desc:	CarStorageinSheffield.Secureindoorstorageforclassicandcherishedcarsandbikes

title:	Stash-it Self-Storage-Manchester Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.self-storage-manchester.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offerssecureselfstorageforhousehold,domesticandbusinessstorage.Pricesandpackingtips.

title:	Storage Boost 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storageboost.co.uk%2F
desc:	StorageBoostprovidesselfstorageinStaffordinStaffordshire,CreweandEastManchester.

title:	Storage King 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storageking.co.uk%2F
desc:	Detailsaboutthecompany,itsservicesandcontactinformation.

title:	Store Safe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.store-safe.co.uk%2F
desc:	Selfstorageinsecureunits.Detailsofcompany,offers,benefits,pricesandstorageadvice.BasedinStokeonTrent.

title:	Storewithus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storewithus.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offerscaravan,motorhomeandselfstorageinSouthWales.

title:	Thames Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thamesselfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Selfstorageforpersonalandbusinesscustomers.Detailsofservice,storageareasandvolumeestimates.BasedinBelvedere,Kent.

title:	U Can Store It 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucanstoreit.co.uk%2F
desc:	Secureselfstorageforbusinessanddomesticuse.Informationonservices,prices,equipmenthireandcontainersales.BasedinWalsall.

title:	UK Storage Company Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukstoragecompany.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providedocumentandselfstoragefromapurposebuiltfacility.

title:	United Kingdom Warehousing Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukwa.org.uk%2F
desc:	ProfessionalbodyrepresentingpublicwarehousekeepersintheUK.Membersdirectory,membershipdetailsandsupplierinformation.

title:	Westfields Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westfields-storage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersstorageofcars,boats,busesandcaravansaswellascommercialdocumentstorageanddomesticselfstorage.BasedinSalisbury,Wiltshire.

title:	Whiteball Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whiteball.co.uk%2F
desc:	Selfstorageunitsinvarioussizesforbusinessanddomesticusers.Detailsofsizes,prices,packingtipsandpackingmaterials.BasedinSomerset.

title:	Wolverhampton Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wolves-selfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providersofselfstorageforhomeandbusiness,basedinWolverhampton

title:	Wrexham Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wrexhamselfstorage.co.uk%2F
desc:	StoragefacilityintheWrexhamIndustrialEstate.Domesticandbusinesssolutionsavailable.

title:	Hovercraft History and Hovercraft Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FTransport%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hovercraft-museum.org%2F
desc:	Containsarticles,photographs,history,exhibits,technicaldetails,andbiographyofChristopherCockerell.

title:	Able UK Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ableuk.com%2F
desc:	Offerdemolition,dismantlinganddevelopmentservicesincludingshipbreaking,offshoredecommissioningandmarketingofreusableequipment.

title:	Corpach Boatbuilding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottishboatyard.co.uk%2F
desc:	FortWilliambasedcompanyprovidingboatbuildingandrepairservices.Includinghydroblasting,shipwrightingandpainting.Newsletterandcontactdetails.

title:	Henry Robb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fnb%2Fhenryrobb%2Findex.html
desc:	HistoryofshipsbuiltbythisyardontheshoresoftheFirthofForth,Scotland.IncludingwarshipsofWWII.

title:	MMS Ship Repair & Dry Dock Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mms-shiprepair.co.uk%2F
desc:	LocatedontheRiverHumber,providesaship-repairfacilitycapableofservicingalltypesofvessels.

title:	Pendennis Shipyard Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pendennis.com%2F
desc:	Builderofsuperandmegayachts.

title:	Swan Hunter (Tyneside) Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swanhunter.com%2F
desc:	Shipbuilders,repairersandbreakers.Thecompanyhasextendedtheirservicestoincludetheoffshoreoilandgasindustryrequirementsforplatforms,tankerbargesandservicevessels.

title:	VT Group plc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FTransport%2FShips_and_Shipping%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vtplc.com%2F
desc:	Companyfocusisondefenceshipbuildingandcomposites,support,trainingandlogistics,andvesselstability/controlandenginemanagementelectronicssystems.

title:	Accem Warehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accem.com%2F
desc:	WarehousingwithconvenientNYMetroarealocation.

title:	American Warehouses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanwarehouses.com%2F
desc:	ISO9002registeredthirdpartylogisticsproviderspecializinginpublicandcontractwarehousingservicesforchemical,industrialandconsumerrelatedproducts

title:	Amware Distribution Warehouses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amwarehouse.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesOhiobasedwarehousinganddistributionwithcloseaccesstoseaport,railwayandinternationalairport.

title:	Axis Global Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Faxisg.com%2F
desc:	Specializingintransportation,fulfillment,andwarehousingontheeastcoast.

title:	B and E Warehouse Industries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chuckstransport.com%2F
desc:	Providestrucking,warehousing,storageandlogisticservices.LocatedinSanAntonio,Texas.

title:	Bridge Logistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bridge-logistics.com%2F
desc:	Warehousing,distributionandstorageintheMilwaukeeWisconsinMetroarea

title:	Broad Street Bonded Warehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bondedstorage.com%2F
desc:	Offeringstoragespaceforallgoods.Specializinginthecompletehandlingandbondedwarehousingofcotton.NC

title:	Brook Warehousing Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brookwarehouse.com%2F
desc:	Warehousinganddistributionservices.Informationisavailablefortransportation,exportingandfacilitydesignandconstructionservices.LocatedinBridgewater,NewJersey.

title:	C and O Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.candowarehousing.com%2F
desc:	FullservicebondedwarehousinganddistributioncompanyinDurham,NC.

title:	CCI Logistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccilogisticsllc.com%2F
desc:	Offerspublicwarehousingandstorage,logisticsmanagement,andfulfillmentservices.Maintainsover150,000squarefeetofpublicandcontractwarehousingspaceinWallingford,Connecticut,USA.

title:	Cherryville Public Warehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cherryvillepublicwarehouse.com%2F
desc:	Publicwarehouseforstorage,outsourcinglogisticsandfulfillmentservices.NC

title:	Cleveland Industrial Warehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clevelandindustrial.com%2F
desc:	Fullservicepublic/contractwarehouseforsteel,machineryandgeneralmerchandise.LocatedinCleveland,Ohio.

title:	Daryl Flood Relocation, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.darylflood.com%2F
desc:	Providesnationwidepublicwarehousingandtransportation.

title:	David Price Food Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davidpricefoods.co.uk%2F
desc:	Coldstorage,transportation,deliveriesandqualityservicetopointsthroughouttheUK.

title:	The Delivery Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedeliverynetwork.com%2F
desc:	PublicwarehousesinthemidwestaroundtheSt.Louis,Missouriarea.

title:	Desert Depot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.desertdepot.com%2F
desc:	ForeigntradezonelogisticscompanyfortheSouthwestandMexico.

title:	Distribution Services, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fallieddistribution.com%2F
desc:	Fullservicethirdpartywarehouse,distribution,transportationprovidersforeverycommodityneed.

title:	Distribution Technology, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.distributiontechnology.com%2F
desc:	WarehousingandlogisticsservicesfortheSoutheastUnitedStates.

title:	Dynamic Storage Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynamic-storage.co.uk%2F
desc:	OfferingafreighthandlingandforwardingservicethroughouttheUK.

title:	Edwards Warehouse Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edwardswarehouse.com%2F
desc:	Full-servicewarehousing,distribution,andlogisticalcenter.Dallas,Texas,UnitedStates.

title:	Essential Freight Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.essentialfreight.com%2F
desc:	TotalDistribution,consolidation,airandgroundfreightall48states.

title:	Fast Track Expediting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.callftx.com%2F
desc:	Facilityis2minutesfromLAX.Servicesincludewarehousing,on-demanddelivery,partsstocking,transportationandlogistics.

title:	Ferber Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ferberwarehousing.com%2F
desc:	Handlesthirdpartyautomotive,industrial,retail,andcommercialwarehousinganddistribution.LocatedinDetroit,Michigan.

title:	First Industrial Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstindustrialcorp.com%2F
desc:	Independentlyownedandoperatedcompanythathasbeenprovidingbusinesseswithstoragesolutionsforover34years.Dixon,Illinois.

title:	Fort Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortstorage.com%2F
desc:	ChemicalwarehousingandlogisticsinWesternCanada.

title:	FW Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fwwarehousing.com%2F
desc:	Warehousing,distribution,andsecondarycontractpackingservicesinthemidwestareaoftheUnitedStates.

title:	Goggin Warehousing LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gogginwarehousing.com%2F
desc:	Providessupplychainsolutions,warehousing,distribution,andtransportation.

title:	Great Lakes Cold Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glcsinc.com%2F
desc:	Storageanddistributionfacility,specializinginretail,foodservice,industrial,seasonalpick,commoditiesandingredients.LocatedinSolon,Ohio.

title:	Great Lakes Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatlakeswarehousing.com%2F
desc:	Value-addedwarehousing,transportationmanagementandlogistics.

title:	Hansen Storage Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hansenlogistics.com%2F
desc:	StorageanddistributionservicesforindustrialandcommercialcustomersoftheMidwest.Wisconsin.

title:	Hanson Logistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hansonlogistics.com%2F
desc:	Providesend-to-endtemperature-controlledtransportation,warehousingandsupplychainservices.Ninefacilitiesinthecentralstates.

title:	Henningsen Cold Storage Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.henningsen.com%2F
desc:	Provideroftemperaturecontrolledwarehousingandlogisticsservices.NorthwestUS

title:	Iceberg Cold Storage Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Ficebergcold.com%2F
desc:	Frozenfoodwarehouse,providingfulllogisticsupport,importandexportfrozenproductsglobally.Winnipeg,MB.

title:	Inland Star Distribution Centers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inlandstar.com%2F
desc:	Publicandcontractwarehousingforfoodgrade,generalcomodities,hazardousandnonhazardouschemicals.

title:	International Matex Tank Terminals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imtt.com%2F
desc:	Storageandhandlingforbulkliquidproductsatstrategicallylocatedmarineterminals.

title:	Mahaffey Tent Rentals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tentrental.com%2F
desc:	Rentingportablebuildingslargerthanfootballfields.

title:	Marlan Logistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marlanlogistics.com%2F
desc:	Bondedfull-servicethird-partylogisticsproviderofpublicandcontractwarehousing,fulfillment,andvalueaddedlogisticalrequirements.BC,Canada

title:	Marsh Industrial Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marshlogistics.com%2F
desc:	ApublicandprivatewarehousingandlogisticscompanyinHopkinsville,Kentucky.

title:	McKenna Distribution and Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mckennalogistics.ca%2F
desc:	FacilityisminutesfromTorontoandoffersstorage,distributionandtransportationservices.Mississauga,Ontario

title:	Mid-West Terminal Warehouse Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipr-mwt.com%2F
desc:	Providerofqualityservicesinthepublicwarehouseandbargeterminalindustry.

title:	Minico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.minico.com%2F
desc:	Servestheself-storageindustrywithinsurance,tenantscreening,magazines,developmenthandbooksandbuyer'sguides.Detailsofallproducts(somesoldonline),companyvalues,newsandaffiliations.

title:	Mississippi Warehousing Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mississippiwarehousing.com%2F
desc:	FullservicepublicwarehousingfacilitylocatedinJackson(Flowood),MS.

title:	Mullins Logistics Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphilipmullins.com%2F
desc:	Bulkspaceleasingandlogistics.Kentucky.

title:	Nedcon Groep N.V 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nedcon.com%2F
desc:	Manufactureandinstallwarehousestoragescaffoldingsystemsandautomatedwarehouselogisticsystems.

title:	Nor-Am Cold Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nor-am.com%2F
desc:	Refrigeratedwarehouseanddistributionservices.Iowa

title:	Nordica Warehouses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nordicawarehouses.com%2F
desc:	Shipping,storage,lightassembly,testing,repair,andcustomizedservices.SD

title:	Norish plc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.norish.com%2F
desc:	Afoodcarecompanydedicatedtoservingthemanufacturing,distributionandretailingsectors.

title:	North American Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nawarehouse.com%2F
desc:	Chemicalsandgeneralmerchandisestorage.Specializingintemperature-sensitive,food-gradeandflammablegoods.Servicesincludeorderpick,consolidationandinternationalshipping.LocatedinBedfordPark,Illinois.

title:	Overflo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.overflo.com%2F
desc:	Servingtheexcesswarehouse,storageanddistributionneedsforbusinessesthroughouttheMid-AtlanticareafromBaltimore,MD.

title:	Phoenix Industries, LLP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphoenixfl.com%2F
desc:	PeninsularFloridamulti-tempwarehousinganddistributionservingthefoodindustry.

title:	Pioneer Cold 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pioneercold.com%2F
desc:	ColdstorageandtransportationservicesforthenortheasternregionoftheUSA.

title:	Progressive Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.progressivewarehousing.com%2F
desc:	OfferingcoldstorageanddeliverytobusinessesinGreenville,Wisconsin.

title:	Quality Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qualitywarehouse.com%2F
desc:	DistributionandpublicwarehousinginEdisonNJ.

title:	RHB Stevedoring and Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weegbrug.net%2Frhb.htm
desc:	Theyhandleallkindofcargoes,non-ferrous,projectcargoes,refrigeratedcontainers.Rotterdam,Holland.

title:	Richmond Cold Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.richmondcold.com%2F
desc:	Offeringcoldstorage,distribution,andwarehousinginVirginia,USA.

title:	San Jose Distribution Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjdist.com%2F
desc:	WarehousingandlogisticscompanyprovidingdistributionservicesinSanJose,CA.

title:	Scandinavian Tank Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tankstorage.se%2F
desc:	IndependenttankstoragefarminSweden.

title:	Schwinn Warehousing and Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fschwinnwarehousing.com%2F
desc:	AgencyinBombayIndiaofferingwarehousingservicesandstoragespacefornon-hazadousgoods.

title:	Seafreeze Cold Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seafreeze.com%2F
desc:	Fullservicepublicrefrigeratedwarehouse.Offerscoldandchilledstoragewith3foodprocessorcompaniesonsite.LocatedinSeattle,Washington.

title:	SFS Distribution, Inc. / Saturn Freight Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfsd.com%2F
desc:	Awarehousinganddistributionfacility,featuringconsolidationprograms,importandexportservices,30mileswestofChicago.

title:	Silos e Magazzini del Tirreno 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gabecagroup.it%2Fsilostirreno
desc:	WarehouseforthestorageofgrainsandcerealsinLivorno,Italy.WebsiteinItalianandEnglish.

title:	Small Business Warehousing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbwarehousing.com%2F
desc:	Offeringthirdpartyfulfillment,logistics,andclimatecontrolledwarehousingforUSandInternationalcompanies.

title:	SnoTemp Cold Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsnotemp.com%2F
desc:	OfferscoldstorageandrefrigeratedwarehousefacilitiesinEugeneandAlbany,Oregon,UnitedStates.

title:	Solomons Warehouse Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solomons-warehouse.com%2F
desc:	Warehousing,storageandtrucking:fullserviceimportandexportdistributionfrominternationalsuppliers.NewJersey

title:	Team DCA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teamdca.com%2F
desc:	15fullservice,thirdpartylogisticsandwarehousingservicesprovidersthroughouttheUnitedStates.

title:	Terrill Transportation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.terrilltrans.com%2F
desc:	OfferswarehousinganddistributionservicestoandfromallWesternStates.Specializesinfoodrelateditemsandallgeneralcommodities.LocatedinTracey,California.

title:	Tighe Warehousing and Distribution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tighe-co.com%2F
desc:	Offerswarehousing,transportationandlogisticsservices.LocatedinWinchester,MA.

title:	Trenton Cold Storage Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trencold.com%2F
desc:	Providingdistributionandwarehousingservicestothefrozenfoodindustry.Canada

title:	United Freezer and Storage Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unitedfreezer.com%2F
desc:	North-easternOhio(Youngstown)warehouseandfreezer-storagefacility.

title:	Varekamp Coldstores 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.varekampcoldstores.com%2F
desc:	Thecoldstoragecompanyofferingspaceforstorageandtransferofallsortsofproducts;bothambientandrefrigerated.

title:	Verst Group Logistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verstgroup.com%2F
desc:	Offerswarehousing,transportation,distribution,andautomatedlabeling.

title:	W.T. Young Storage Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwtyoung.com%2Fstorage.htm
desc:	Publicwarehousingfacility.Offersdrystorageareaorrefrigeratedspaceforperishableandfrozengoods.LocatedinLexington,Kentucky.

title:	Waitex International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waitex.com%2F
desc:	ApublicwarehousingandstoragecomplexandanexpertinEDI,pick,pack,shipping,dataprocessingandwebfulfillment.

title:	Warehouse Basics, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FDistribution_and_Logistics%2FLogistics%2FWarehousing_and_Storage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.warehousebasics.com%2F
desc:	Warehousingandothervalue-addservicesfeaturingweb-enabledWMSwithbar-codingandrealtimeinventoryvisibility.Atlanta,GA.

title:	The Battle of the Saintes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Topic%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortogden.com%2Fsaintes.html
desc:	The1782navalbattlewhichrevolutionisednavaltacticsandchangedCaribbeanhistoryfor200years.

title:	BIship 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Topic%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biship.com%2F
desc:	AllsubjectsconnectedwiththeshippingcompanyBritishIndiaSteamNavigation.

title:	Captain John Smith: Four Hundred Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Topic%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnsmith400.org%2F
desc:	Thehistory,schedule,reenactmentvoyage,informationontheJohnSmithWaterTrail,andeducationalresources.

title:	Carl Ossian Johnson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Topic%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fglennmci.brinkster.net%2Fcoj%2Fcoj.html
desc:	SwedishpioneerintheSouthAfricanfishingandwhalingindustry.

title:	Farewell to the China Boats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Topic%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyweb.tiscali.co.uk%2Fchinaboats
desc:	PhotographsoflifeatseaintheBlueFunnelLineinthemid-20thcentury,reportsofaWWIIlifeboatjourney,andoldmariners'documents.

title:	French Lines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FBy_Topic%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frenchlines.com%2F
desc:	Thisarchivecollectionretraces150yearsofFrenchmaritimehistorythroughthehistoryoffamousliners(Normandie,France)andmerchantnavy.

title:	Chalkis Shipyards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chalkis-shipyards.gr%2F
desc:	Avlis,Greece.Dry-dockingandrepair,constructionofsmallvesselsandconversionofpassengervessels.Theydescribethehistoryofthecompanyandtheregion,overviewtheyard'sfloatingdocksandworkshops,andprovidecustomertestimonials.[English/Greek]

title:	Crist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crist.com.pl%2F
desc:	Gdansk,Poland.Constructionofvesselsupto100maswellasdesign,cutting,andfabricationofsteelplates,superstructures,andhulls.Theybriefdescribetheirhistoryandfacilities,withalistofcompletedprojects.

title:	Damen Shipyards Gdynia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.damen.pl%2F
desc:	Poland.Newconstructionofvesselsunder300tons,includingtugs,surveyboats,andyachts,aswellasrepairsandconversions.Theylistrecentprojects,withphotosanddetailedspecificationsforstandardproducts.

title:	Lisnave (Estaleiros Navais de Lisboa) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lisnave.pt%2F
desc:	Mitrena,Portugal.Cleaningandpainting,steelwork,machinery,andelectronicrepairs.Theyprovideacompanyhistory,anddetailtheservicestheyofferaswellasthecapacitiesoftheirsixdrydocks.

title:	Remontowa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.remontowa.com.pl%2F
desc:	Gdansk.Shiprepairsandconversions,aswellasdesignandconstructionofnewships,offshoreunitsandsteelstructures.Theydescriberecentprojectsandcompanyorganization,withavideotouroftheyard.

title:	BudgetMailer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FMarketing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetmailer.nl%2F
desc:	Verstuure-mailnieuwsbrievenviajebrowser

title:	E-mark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FMarketing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-mark.nl%2F
desc:	Ontwikkelingvaninteractievemarketingoplossingenviasmsene-mail.

title:	GraphicMail 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FMarketing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.graphicmail.nl%2F
desc:	Onlinesoftwarevoorheteenvoudigmaken,verzendenenmetenvandigitalenieuwsbrieven.

title:	MailingLijst.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FMarketing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mailinglijst.nl%2F
desc:	VoorhetbeheervanelektronischenieuwsbrieveninHTMLopmaak,diepere-mailverstuurdwordtaaneenadressenlijst.

title:	RapidSugar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FMarketing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rapidsugar.nl%2F
desc:	Ontwikkeltenbeheertcommunicatiecampagnesdiegebruikmakenvane-mail,WAP,SMSenanderee-messagingdiensten.

title:	ServiceMail.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FMarketing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fservicemail.nl%2F
desc:	Web-basedsysteemvoorhetverzendenvane-mailnieuwsbrieven.Beschikbaarinvierpakkettenofopmaat.

title:	Yourzine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FMarketing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yourzine.nl%2F
desc:	E-mailensms-marketingviagrafischenieuwsbrievenene-zines.Nieuws,algemeneinformatie,productenendiensten.

title:	ABC-Magazijnstellingen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.abc-magazijnstellingen.nl%2F
desc:	Leveranciervannieuweengebruiktemagazijnstellingen.legbordstellinggebruiktenpalletstellinggebruiktbehorenooktotditaanbod.Onlineofferteaanvraag.

title:	Allsafe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allsafe.nl%2F
desc:	VerhuurvanopslagruimteentransportmetvestigingeninAmsterdam,Beverwijk,BredaenAlmere.

title:	Almas magazijninrichting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.almas.nl%2F
desc:	Palletstellingvandiversemerkenuitvoorraadleverbaar,zowelnieuwengebruikt.Inkoopenverkoopvanpalletstelling,legbordstelling,enaccessoires.

title:	AVM-Waalwijk.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avm-waalwijk.nl%2F
desc:	Groothandelinkunststofproductenvooropslagentransport.

title:	Aweja Railsystemen bv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aweja.nl%2F
desc:	Leverancierenontwerpervandiversesoortenrailsystemenvooropslagsystemenindeinternemagazijnlogistiek.

title:	Bertello 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bertello.nl%2F
desc:	Verkoopvanopslagenorderpicksystemen,roterendearchiefsystemenenpaternosterkasten.

title:	BITO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bito.be%2F
desc:	Produceertenverkooptopslagmateriaalvoororderverzamelsystemenenmagazijninrichting.

title:	Coldstore Urk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coldstore-urk.nl%2F
desc:	Aanbiedervanhetgekoeldopslaanvanvis.Ditbedrijfbeschiktoverviermagazijnenintweelocaties.

title:	DWS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zeus-dws.com%2F
desc:	Adviseertenlevertmetbetrekkingtotdiversetypenvandynamischeopslagsystemenzoalsverrijdbarestellingen,zwenkarmstellingen,satellietsystemen,doorrolstellingen.

title:	Easy Unit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easyunit.nl%2F
desc:	Biedopslagruimteaanvoorbedrijvenenparticulierenengebruikvaneenverhuiswagen.

title:	Easybox selfstorage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easybox.nl%2F
desc:	Verhuurvanopslagruimte.VestigingeninZwijndrechtenRoosendaal.

title:	Ekon bv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ekon.com%2Fnl
desc:	Verkoopvanvanslipsheetsenseparatieplatenopbasisvanpolyolefinen.Geschiktvooropslagentransport.

title:	Extrabox Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.extrabox.nl%2F
desc:	VerhuurvantijdelijkeopslagruimteinAmsterdamenBeverwijk.

title:	HuurEenBox Self Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huureenbox.nl%2F
desc:	VerhuurvantijdelijkeopslagruimteinAmsterdamAmstel.Overzichtvandemogelijkheden.

title:	Koopman Logistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.koopman.nl%2F
desc:	Transportbedrijf,sinds1930,met900medewerkers,voorautotransportenautomotivelogistiek.

title:	Kubus Opslagruimte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kubus-opslag.nl%2F
desc:	Tijdelijkeopslagruimteino.a.RotterdamenSchiedam.Informatieoverhetbedrijfencontactgegevens.

title:	Van Leyen Pallets BV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanleyenpallets.nl%2F
desc:	Verkoopvanproductenvoorhetopslaanentransporterenvangoederenzoalsgitterboxen,stapelbakken,palletsetc.

title:	Mazouttanks Bollaert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmazouttank.be%2F
desc:	Alsuopzoekbentnaareennieuwemazouttank,stookolietank,brandstoftankofopslagtank,danbentuaanhetjuisteadres.MazouttanksBollaertheefteenzeerruimaanbodaanbrandstoftanks.

title:	Mini Opslag Uden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mini-opslag-uden.nl%2F
desc:	Beveiligdeopslagruimtesvoorbedrijvenenparticulieren.

title:	Mini-box.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mini-box.nl%2F
desc:	EenopslagbedrijfgelegeninZuidlandmetopslagcapaciteitvoorzowelzakelijkealsparticulieremarkt.

title:	Miniopslag Harderwijk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek%2FOpslag&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miniopslagharderwijk.nl%2F
desc:	Opslagruimteverhuurinverschillendeafmetingenvoorbedrijvenenparticulieren.

title:	State Enterprise (SE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope%2FUkraine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shipyard61.com.ua%2F
desc:	Stateenterprise(SE)"Shipyardnamedafter61Communards"offersitsservicesonconstructionofvarioustypesofvesselswithhullsweightupto28,000tonnes.

title:	AG tim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FSrpski%2FKompjuteri%2FSoftware%2FPoslovni&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agtim.com%2F
desc:	NudiprogramskipaketNormAG,kojisluzizaizradupredmeraipredracuna,tendera,analizucena,kalkulacijuispecifikacijumaterijalairadnesnageugradjevinarstvu.

title:	YARDIMCI Shipyard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FMiddle_East%2FTurkey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yardimci.gen.tr%2F
desc:	LocatedinsidetheTuzlaBaynearIstanbul,itconsistsof6drydockswithamaximumcapacityof175,000dwtandrepairberthfacilities.

title:	Eidsvik Skipsbyggeri AS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNorway%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eidsvik.no%2F
desc:	Developsuser-friendlyfishingvessels.Focusingonsafetyandco-operationwithcrew,ownersandnavalarchitects.

title:	Kimek AS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNorway%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kimek.info%2F
desc:	Shiprepairandnewbuilding.Specializinginfishingvessels.

title:	Baltiysky Zavod 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope%2FRussia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bz.ru%2F
desc:	ThelargestshipyardinRussia.Prioritydirections:chemicaltankers,bulkcarriers,icebreakers,offshorevesselsandwarships.

title:	Arab Heavy Industries (AHI) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FMiddle_East&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ahi-uae.com%2F
desc:	Ajman,UAE.Shiprepair,conversion,andbuilding,aswellassteelfabricationservices.Theydescribetheirfacilities,includinga30,000DWTdrydock,fourslipways,andmachineandelectricalshops,withalistofmajorprojectscompleted.

title:	ASRY (Arab Shipbuilding and Repair Yard) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FMiddle_East&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asry.net%2F
desc:	Bahrain.Floatinganddrydocks,designedtohandleverylargevessels.Theydescribesomenotablerepairprojects,withinformationonthecompany'sfacilitiesandkeystaff.

title:	Israel Shipyards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FMiddle_East&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.israel-shipyards.com%2F
desc:	Haifa.Constructionofmilitaryandcommercialships,aswellasaluminumboatsandsteelstructures.Theyoverviewtheirfacilitiesandlistrecentprojects.

title:	Multimarine Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FMiddle_East&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.multimarine.com.cy%2F
desc:	Limassol,Cyprus.Afloatshiprepairs,drydockingofyachtsandsmallvessels,cleaning,andsteelfabrication.Photosofrecentprojects,listingofservicesandequipment,andinformationonemployment.

title:	Inspectie Verkeer en Waterstaat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ivw.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverregelsenvergunningenvantransportdiensten.

title:	Let's Go 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.letsgo.be%2F
desc:	Overzichtvandebelangrijksteberoepenbinnendetransportsector.Bijelkberoepiseenoverzichtvandebijbehorendeopleiding.

title:	Bakker Logistiek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLogistiek&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bakker-logistiek.nl%2F
desc:	Gespecialiseerdintransportenwarehousingvanfoodenaanverwanteproducten.

title:	IDESS Maritime Training Centres 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNorway%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idess.com%2F
desc:	IDESSisanindependentorganisationprovidingtrainingservicestothemaritimeandoffshoreindustries.

title:	Seagull AS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNorway%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FShipping%2C_Storage%2C_and_Logistics%2FMaritime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sgull.com%2F
desc:	Systemsfortrainingofseafarers.

title:	ASTICAN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope%2FSpain&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astican.es%2F
desc:	CanaryIslands.Repair,maintenance,andconversion.Theyprovidephotosoftheyardwithdetailsofequipmentandfacilities,describetheservicesoffered,andlistcompletedprojects.

title:	Astilleros de Murueta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope%2FSpain&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astillerosmurueta.com%2F
desc:	Constructionoftankers,containerships,andpurseseiners.Theyprovidephotosanddescriptionsoftheyard'slayoutandworkflow.[English/Spanish]

title:	Astilleros Gondan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope%2FSpain&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gondan.com%2F
desc:	Steelshipsconstruction.

title:	Factorias Vulcano 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope%2FSpain&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.factoriasvulcano.com%2F
desc:	BasedinVigo,Spain,thecompanybuildschemicaltankersandoffshoreconstructionvehicles.Theyprovidevideoofrecentlaunchesandseatrials,photosandspecificationsoftheirfacilities,andabriefcompanyhistory.[RequiresFlash]

title:	Pesbo, S.A. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FShipyards%2FEurope%2FSpain&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pesbo.com%2F
desc:	Designersandmanufacturesawiderangeoflifeboats,tenderboats,rescueboats,workboats,commercialfishingboatsandcustommadeboatsinGRP.

title:	Baltic Cruising 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FSuomi%2FVapaa-aika%2FVeneily%2FSeurat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.balticcruising.fi%2F
desc:	Purjehduskoulunsivut,joillaontietoaerilaisistakursseista,veneenvuokrauksestajayrityspurjehduksista.

title:	Information on Kuznetsovsk (Rivne) Nuclear Power Plant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUkraine%2FProvinces%2FRivne_Oblast%2FKuznetsovsk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecn.cz%2Fprivate%2Fc10%2Frovno.html
desc:	Accidentsanddangers,historyandalternatives.

title:	Kuznetsovsk Nuclear Power Plant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUkraine%2FProvinces%2FRivne_Oblast%2FKuznetsovsk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insc.gov.ua%2Fplants%2Frivne%2F
desc:	Technicalinformationabouttheplant.

title:	Alaya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FAm%C3%A9rica%2FChile%2FEconom%C3%ADa_y_negocios%2FInform%C3%A1tica%2FInternet%2FComercio_electr%C3%B3nico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alaya.cl%2F
desc:	Consultoriaene-businessyaplicacionesInternet.

title:	Association of Marina Industries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marinaassociation.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitmembershiporganizationdedicatedexclusivelytoservingtheneedsofthemarinaindustry.

title:	Boat Owners Association of The United States 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boatus.com%2F
desc:	Since1966BoatUS.comhasbeenprovidingsavings,serviceandrepresentationtomillionsofboatownersintheUS.

title:	Cape Cod Marine Trades Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fboatcapecod.org%2F
desc:	ANorganizationofmorethan100marine-relatedbusinessesworkingtogethertoserviceboatersonCapeCod,Massachusetts.

title:	The Cruising Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theca.org.uk%2F
desc:	Anassociationforcruisingsailorsworldwide,establishedin1908.

title:	Great Harbour Trawler Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ghtacruising.com%2F
desc:	Trawlertravel,Cruising,Mirage,GreatHarbour,Boating

title:	Hellenic Professional Yacht Owners Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fepest.gr%2F
desc:	TheHPYOA,alsoknownastheEPEST,hasalargemembershipofprofessionalGreekyachtowners.Includeslistingsofmembersandtheirvessels,linkstolegislationandanapplicationform.

title:	Inter Lake Yachting Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fi-lya.org%2F
desc:	Purposeistheprotectionandpromotionoftheinterestsofbothpowerandsailboatownersandwatersportsfansintheenjoymentoftheirsport.

title:	International Finn Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.finnclass.org%2F
desc:	TheWorldgoverningbodyfortheInternationalandOlympicFinnClass

title:	International Hydrofoil Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foils.org%2F
desc:	Anallvolunteer,not-for-profitorganizationofandforpeoplewhodesign,build,operate,orsimplyareinterestedincommercial,military,research,orrecreationalhydrofoilsofanysize,powerorsail.

title:	Lake Martin Home Owners and Boat Owners Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lakemartin.org%2F
desc:	Theorganizationsmissionisfosterlong-termpartnershipstopreserve,protectandenhancetheoverallqualityoflifeofalllivingthingsinandaroundLakeMartin.

title:	Dansk Sejlunion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDansk%2FFritid%2FSejlads%2FKlubber_og_foreninger&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sejlsport.dk%2F
desc:	DanskSejlsportsnationaleforbundmedportalomsejlsportibredforstand:Kapsejlads,tursejlads,elite,bredde,ungdom,uddannelse,kontakttilmyndighedersamtinternationalerelationer.

title:	Amatorbaat.no 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FFerie_og_fritid%2FB%C3%A5ter&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amatorbaat.no%2F
desc:	OmbyggingavBob'sSpecialkanoogGuppy,en9.5fotsseiljolle.

title:	D-Lux RC klubb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FFerie_og_fritid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radiostyrt.no%2F
desc:	Klubbinformasjon,generellesideromklasser,tipsogtricks,RC-kalenderen,forumogresultater.

title:	Forbundet Kysten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FFerie_og_fritid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kysten.no%2F
desc:	Informasjonomforbundet,deresaktiviteter,oglenkertilkystlagmedegnenettsider.

title:	3net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FAm%C3%A9rica%2FArgentina%2FEconom%C3%ADa_y_negocios%2FInform%C3%A1tica%2FInternet%2FProveedores_de_acceso&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3net.com.ar%2F
desc:	AccesoaInternetenlaCiudaddeTresArroyos,provinciadeBuenosAires.

title:	Advance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FAm%C3%A9rica%2FArgentina%2FEconom%C3%ADa_y_negocios%2FInform%C3%A1tica%2FInternet%2FProveedores_de_acceso&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.advance.com.ar%2F
desc:	Accesoainternetconcoberturanacional.

title:	Bip 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FAm%C3%A9rica%2FChile%2FEconom%C3%ADa_y_negocios%2FCompras%2FInform%C3%A1tica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bip.cl%2F
desc:	Ventadepiezasypartesdecomputadores.

title:	Alateen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.al-anon.alateen.org%2Ffor-alateen
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Officialsiteforteenscopingwithsomeoneelse'sdrinking.FindFAQsandsamplestories.

title:	Amazing Kids 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazing-kids.org%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Inspiringexcellenceinchildrenbycelebratingtheamazingachievementsofchildrenfromaroundtheworld.

title:	Ambition 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ambitionuk.org%2F
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Allareasofyouthworkincludingsporting,creativeandtrainingopportunitiesforyoungpeopletohelpthemrealisetheirpotential.

title:	Bringing Youth Towards Equality (BYTE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yukonyouth.com%2F
desc:	[Teens]
InformationandprogramsforyouthinYukon,Canada;offersnewsandevents,detailsofservices,andcontacts.

title:	The Clifty Six Cadet Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcliftysixcadets.tripod.com%2F
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
TheCadetProgramisopentoyoungmenandwomenage14through18whoareinterestedinfirefightingandhelpingtheircommunity.

title:	Eckerd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eckerd.org%2F
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Providesalternativeeducationandcounselingtoat-riskoradjudicatedyouthandtheirfamilies,aswellasChildWelfare,JuvenileJusticeandEarlyInterventionservices.

title:	High Tech Kids 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hightechkids.org%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens]
Programtoencouragekidsintheareaofscience,math,andtechnologybypromotingcompetitions.

title:	Ignitus Worldwide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ignitusworldwide.org%2F
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Aimistohelpyouthprotectthemselvesandothersfromthecriminalworld.Programssuchasmentors,educatingandyouthpatrolsareinvolved.

title:	Kids at Hope 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidsathope.org%2F
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Programsintendedtoreversethe"kidsatrisk"paradigm,whichfocusesonachild'spotentialnegativebehavior,byinsteaddrawingattentiontoachild'stalentsandpotentialforsuccessandtheirvaluetosociety.

title:	Lancashire Youth Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.younglancashire.org.uk%2F
desc:	[Kids/Teens/MatureTeens]
Informationandadviceforbothyouthclubmembers,andvolunteerscoveringLancashire,UK.Featuresevents,newsletter,clubsearch,andmembershipinformation.

title:	Uniondale Community Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Kids_and_Teens%2FPeople_and_Society%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuccinc.homestead.com%2FTASKS.html
desc:	[Teens/MatureTeens]
Acommunityorganizationdevotedtocommunity,youthandfamiliesinUniondale,NY

title:	Durogmoll.no 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FHandel%2FFerie_og_fritid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.durogmoll.no%2F
desc:	Omfattendeutvalgavkunst-ogmusikkartikler.

title:	Chile Business Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FChile%2FBusiness_and_Economy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chilnet.cl%2F
desc:	Thisisabusinesstoolwithnationalandinternationalcoverageonmorethan60,000companiesoperatinginChile.TheinformationisbrokendownintoCompanyName,address,taxid,telephoneandfaxnumbers,E-mailandwebaddress.

title:	El Paseo Digital 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FChile%2FBusiness_and_Economy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elpaseodigital.cl%2Fingles.htm
desc:	Cinemaandtelevisionproductioncompany.Includesaportfoliooftheirvideos.BasedinSantiago.

title:	Itsang.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FChile%2FBusiness_and_Economy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itsang.com%2F
desc:	Caltech,architectureandconstructionforcommercialandindustrialbusinesses,aswellasresidential.Projectportfolio,real-estateappraisalsandtransactions.

title:	Texma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FChile%2FBusiness_and_Economy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.texma.cl%2Fhomepage.html
desc:	Ribbonweavingindustry.

title:	Dominios Argentina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FAm%C3%A9rica%2FArgentina%2FEconom%C3%ADa_y_negocios%2FInform%C3%A1tica%2FInternet%2FRegistro_de_dominios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdominiosargentina.com%2F
desc:	Registrodedominiosnacionaleseinternacionales.

title:	Cdmon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FNegocios%2FInform%C3%A1tica%2FInternet%2FNombres_de_dominio%2FRegistro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdmon.com%2F
desc:	Registradordedominiosyhospedajeweb.

title:	Classic web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FNegocios%2FInform%C3%A1tica%2FInternet%2FNombres_de_dominio%2FRegistro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdominios.net%2F
desc:	Serviciosderegistrodedominiosincluyendoalojamientoweb.

title:	Domain Discount 24 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FNegocios%2FInform%C3%A1tica%2FInternet%2FNombres_de_dominio%2FRegistro&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.domaindiscount24.com%2F
desc:	Registrodenombresdedominiosenvariasextensionesyproveedordealojamientoweb.

title:	a2z, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.a2zinc.net%2F
desc:	Onlinesolutionformanagingandmarketingconferences,exhibitions,conventions,seminars,expositionsandtradeshows.

title:	ABAS Software AG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abas-software.com%2F
desc:	DevelopmentofflexibleERPandeBusinesssoftwareformedium-sizedcompanies.

title:	Albany Software Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albany.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providessoftwareforelectronicautomationofbusinessprocesses.AlbanyisaSageDeveloperandPegasuse-commercepartner.

title:	Art Technology Group, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atg.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commerceandwebmarketingsoftware.

title:	Beyond Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beyondsolutions.com%2F
desc:	Auctionsoftware,databaseande-commercedevelopment.

title:	Brainshark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brainshark.com%2F
desc:	AllowsuserstopostPowerpointpresentationsonthewebinacustomstreamingformat.

title:	Brolin Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brolin.net%2F
desc:	Ecommerce,webportal,andbusinessmanagementsolutions.Providesdetailsofthevariousproductsandservicesavailabletobusinessclients.

title:	Bullnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bullnet.co.uk%2F
desc:	Multicurrencye-commercesolutionforexistingwebsites.

title:	CASEwise 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.casewise.com%2F
desc:	MarketsCorporateModeler,ERPModelerandE2-ModelerProcessModelingprograms.

title:	Dynistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynistics.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commercesolutionsofferingrapiddevelopmentanddeployment(RAD),CustomerRelationshipManagement(CRM)andPersonalization.BuiltontechnologiessuchasXML,XSLandXSP.

title:	eBizTotalSolution. Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebizts.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareforB2BB2C,supplychainmanagement,vendorinventorycontrol,MRP,ERPmodule,referralengine,andshoppingcarts.

title:	eComm PRO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trellian.com%2Fecomm%2F
desc:	Softwarefortherapiddevelopmentofe-commercesites.

title:	ecPartner Shopping Cart Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fec-uk.net%2Fecpartner%2Ffeatures.asp
desc:	Advancedshoppingcartsystemforyoursecuree-commercetransactions.Allowsyoutotakesecurecreditcardpayments.

title:	End Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.end-design.co.uk%2F
desc:	PortalBuilderprovidesascalableplatformtorunacommunityofe-commercestoresfromasinglesite,withtoolstobuild,hostandmanageanonlineshoppingcentre.

title:	Ezimerchant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ezimerchant.com%2F
desc:	Offere-commercesellertoolforeBaymerchants.

title:	Galileo Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galileocommerce.com%2F
desc:	Offersasuiteoftoolsformerchantstoorganizeandmanagetheirstore.

title:	Geomerx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geomerx.com%2F
desc:	OffersgeoStore,geoManager,andgeoSetup,softwaretobuildandmanagee-commercesites.

title:	Global VMI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fglobalvmi.com%2F
desc:	Supply-sidemanagementsoftwarefore-businessthatgivesaccesstobothreal-timeandhistoricaldata.

title:	GoldbarOne 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goldbar.net%2F
desc:	Subscription-basedsuiteofapplicationsincludingshoppingcartandpromotionandcustomermanagementtools.

title:	ILLY Computer Systems Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.illycorp.com%2F
desc:	Developersofsoftwaresystemsforbankingandfinanceoperations.

title:	Imagiforce Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fecommerce-shoppingcart.com%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyofshoppingcartsoftwareprograms.

title:	Infoparc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoparc.com%2F
desc:	Webbasedcontactmanagerandonlineprojecttrackingsoftware.Webpromotion,searchenginepositioningandrankingservices.

title:	Intershop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intershop.com%2F
desc:	Softwarethatallowscustomerstosellanywhereusingawiderangeofcurrentandemerginge-commercemodels.

title:	Jade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.jadeworld.com%2F
desc:	Ane-businesstechnologyfortherapiddeploymentofhighperformancetransactionbasedbusinesssystemsforelectroniccommerce.

title:	LaGarde, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storefront.net%2F
desc:	E-commercestorecreationsoftwareforMicrosoftFrontPage.

title:	Level 8 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.level8.com%2F
desc:	MarketsGenevaIntegrationSuite,atoolsetforapplicationintegration,enterprisemessaging,businessprocessautomation,andapplicationengineering.

title:	Magic Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magicsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Offeringwebdevelopmenttools,customizableenterprise-levelapplications,andservices.

title:	Mailware Mail Order Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mailware.com%2F
desc:	Web-enabledsoftwareformailordercompanies.Featuresinclude,OrderEntry,CustomerDatabase,InventoryManagement,AdvertisingTracking,andafullreportwriter.Afreedemoisavailablefordownload.

title:	MB Commerce Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mbcommerce.co.uk%2F
desc:	Designs,builds,hostsandsupportsinformation,webandcommercesolutionsthataretailoredtothespecificneedsofbusinessclients.

title:	Media99 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.media99.com%2F
desc:	Providesretailfloristwebsitetemplates,customdesignandhosting,andprogrammingforPOSsystemintegration.Includesdesignportfolio.

title:	Miva 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miva.com%2F
desc:	ProviderofwebcommercesystemswithafocusonISPs,hostingservicesandtheircustomers.

title:	Pandell Technology Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pandell.com%2F
desc:	Providersofsoftwareandbusinessservicesforoilandgascompanies,aswellasweb-basedPLIsolutionsforenterprisefirms.

title:	Pattern Discovery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.patterndiscovery.com%2F
desc:	BasicPermissionPortalsoftwareprovidestheconsumerwithaprivate,personal,linkwiththeecommercesitesthattheychoosetovisit.Itisprivate,becauseitresidesonyourpc,andnobodysees,orhasaccesstoitbutyou.

title:	QCommerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qcommerce.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commercesoftwaresolutionsthatallowmerchantstoeasilyestablishon-linestorefrontsforsellingontheInternet.

title:	RNetEC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rnetedi.com%2F
desc:	DeliversretailEDIsolutions.

title:	Runner Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.runnertechnologies.com%2F
desc:	RunnerTechnologiesspecializesinthedesignandimplementationofdevelopmenttoolsforenablingRapidApplicationDesignforWebandOracleFormsapplications.

title:	Sapiens NV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sapiens.com%2F
desc:	Developsandmarketssolutionsforrapidandcost-effectivecreation,re-engineeringandmaintenanceofmission-criticalenterprisesoftwareapplications.

title:	Scala Business Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scala.net%2F
desc:	CollaborativeERPsoftware-integratingInternettechnologyandtraditionalERPfunctionality.

title:	Shift4 Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shift4.com%2F
desc:	Creditcardandtransactionprocessingapplications.

title:	Siteforum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siteforum.com%2F
desc:	AsuiteofintegratedwebapplicationsdesignedtofacilitatecustomerinteractionandcollaborativetransactionsontheWeb.

title:	Softshare, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softshare.com%2F
desc:	AproviderofelectroniccommercesoftwareandserviceswithexpertiseintheareaofEDI,XMLanddataintegration.

title:	THINK Subscription 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thinksubscription.com%2F
desc:	Providesservicesandtechnologytomanagesubscriptions,memberships,andtime-basedproductsontheweb.

title:	uburst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uburst.com%2Fecommerce.html
desc:	Offersseverale-commercesoftwarepackagesrangingfromsmallbusinesssolutionstointeractiveCD-ROMcatalogingsystems.

title:	Uducat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uducat.com%2F
desc:	AfulleCommerceInternetpublishingengine.

title:	Universal Data Interface Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.udico.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofanXML-basedmiddlewaretoolfordataintegrationandB2Be-commerce.

title:	update software AG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.update.com%2F
desc:	Supplierofindustry-sectororientedCRMsolutions.BasedinVienna,Austria,withbranchesthroughoutEurope.

title:	VeriFone, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verifone.com%2F
desc:	Offerstransactionprocessingsoftwaretohandlepaymentsonwebsites/computers.Supportforcreditcards,checks,giftcards,debitandEBT.

title:	Web eStore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webestore.com%2F
desc:	Offerspersonalandstorebuildingwebsitesusingaweb-basedpageeditor.Packagesincludedesign,templatesandhostingwithpaymentmademonthly.

title:	WebGenie Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webgenie.com%2F
desc:	Helpsyouimplementelectroniccommercetoolsnecessarytodevelopandmanageyourwebsitewithoutanyexternalassistance.

title:	WebsiteCM Software Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.websitecm.com%2F
desc:	Specializeindesigns,modificationsandcustomworkforthex-cartecommerceplatform.Offerstutorialsandtechnicalinformationonavailablemods.

title:	Zilliant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FE-Commerce&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zilliant.com%2F
desc:	Providessoftwaredesignedtohelpcompaniesdefineandmanagepricingbydeterminingtherightpricesforproductsandservicesbasedoncustomerbehavior.

title:	Active 24 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FCatal%C3%A0%2FEconomia_i_empresa%2FServeis%2FInform%C3%A0tica%2FInternet%2FRegistre_de_dominis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.active24.cat%2F
desc:	Empresaregistradoradenomsdedomini.

title:	Dominis Personals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FCatal%C3%A0%2FEconomia_i_empresa%2FServeis%2FInform%C3%A0tica%2FInternet%2FRegistre_de_dominis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dominispersonals.com%2F
desc:	Registrededominisiallotjamentweb.

title:	DonDominio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FCatal%C3%A0%2FEconomia_i_empresa%2FServeis%2FInform%C3%A0tica%2FInternet%2FRegistre_de_dominis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dondominio.cat%2F
desc:	Registradordedominis.cat.

title:	Highwire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FServers%2FShopping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.highwire.com%2F
desc:	ECommercesolutionproviderofend-to-endsoftware(shoppingcart,searchengineexposeditems,analyticalreports)forsmalltolargebusinesses.

title:	Make-a-Store 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FServers%2FShopping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.make-a-store.com%2F
desc:	E-CommerceSolutionProviderofend-to-endsoftware(shoppingcartandauction)forsmalltolargebusinesses.

title:	Olmnet: SoftCart Templates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FServers%2FShopping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.olmnet.com%2Fsoftcart%2F
desc:	FlexibletemplatesetsdesignedforMercantec'sSoftCartinavarietyoflayoutstofitanysizeandstructureofInternetstore.Workingdemosanddetailedinformation.

title:	Open Market 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FServers%2FShopping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.openmarket.com%2F
desc:	ContentServerEnterpriseEdition.Detailedproductdescription,customerlist,whitepapers,casestudies,supportpages.

title:	Purple Tab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FServers%2FShopping&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpurpletab.com%2F
desc:	Providesvirtualtrialroomforjewelleryonipad,iphone,androidandontheweb.Alsoprovidesadigitalcataloguetothecustomer.

title:	Ariba 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ariba.com%2F
desc:	Providerofintranet-andInternet-basedbusiness-to-businesselectroniccommercesolutionsforoperatingresources.

title:	Digital Movers, LLC. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dmovers.com%2F
desc:	ProviderofEDIsourcing,hostede-Commerce,VAN,webandfaxautomationservicestocompaniesthatneedtocommunicatecommercetransactiondataelectronicallywiththeirtradingcommunity.

title:	Electronic Commerce Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecs-europe.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesiSeriese-commercesoftwaresolutions.Includesserviceoverview,productdemonstrationandcontactdetails.

title:	Frontpoint 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frontpoint.it%2F
desc:	Providese-businesssolutionstobusiness-to-businesscompanies.Includescompanyprofileandsolutionsoverview.

title:	IBM Commerce Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-306.ibm.com%2Fsoftware%2Finfo1%2Fwebsphere%2Findex.jsp%3Ftab%3Dproducts%2Fcommerce%26S_TACT%3D103BHW06%26S_CMP%3Dcampaign
desc:	OffersWebSphereCommerce.Includeslistofproductsandnews.

title:	InfoAccess.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoaccess.net%2F
desc:	Offerse-businessintegrationandordermanagementservices.LocatedinOhio,UnitedStates.

title:	Instill Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.instill.com%2F
desc:	Providerofe-Businessserviceforthefoodservicesupplychain,including,operators,distributorsandmanufacturers.

title:	MarketVelocity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marketvelocity.com%2F
desc:	Offersautomatedsalesmanagementsolution.Includescompanyprofile,listofservicesandcontactdetails.

title:	Meade Willis ITI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meadewillis.com%2F
desc:	Offerse-commercesolutionsandelectronicdataintegration.Includescompanyprofileandlistofservices.

title:	MotherLode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motherlode.biz%2F
desc:	Offerse-commercesolutionsfortheforest,miningandassociatedindustries.Includescompanyprofileandcontactdetails.

title:	Perfect Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FTechnology_Vendors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.perfect.com%2F
desc:	Linksbuyingandsellingorganizationsintoopen,real-timetradingcommunities.Findcompanyprofile,descriptionofservices,newsandevents

title:	EHS Company Reading Rooms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference%2FPapers_and_Reports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehsco.com%2Freading%2F
desc:	Originalprimers,productreviewsandeditorials,writtenbyEHSCompanystaff.Topicsincludenetworkingissuessuchase-mail,directoryservices,andDNS/DHCP.

title:	NTIA Reports, Filings and Related Material 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference%2FPapers_and_Reports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntia.doc.gov%2Freports.html
desc:	NestledinamongtheFCCfilingsarereportsandanalysesdatingbackto1995coveringtopicssuchasspectrumallocation,useofinformationtechnologyinthepublicsafetysector,andglobale-commerce.

title:	Lot Watch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FServers%2FShopping%2FAuctions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auctionlotwatch.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersafreerealtimesearchofUnitedKingdomauctionsites.Accessbykeywordsorbyastructureddirectory.

title:	Teapplix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FServers%2FShopping%2FAuctions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teapplix.com%2F
desc:	Amultiordershippingsoftwareforonlinesellers.ItsupportseBay,Amazonandmostpopularshoppingcarts.

title:	PC Magazine: Going Once, Going Twice ... 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FServers%2FShopping%2FAuctions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcmag.com%2Farticle2%2F0%2C2817%2C2314379%2C00.asp
desc:	Reviewsofanumberofauctiontoolsdesignedtohelpamateurscompetewithprofessionalauctioneersandbuyers.

title:	American Bank and POS Supply 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcreditcardsupplies.co%2F
desc:	Providesmanualcreditcardimprintersandslips.

title:	American Terminals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanterminals.com%2F
desc:	Distributescreditcardterminals,imprintersandrelatedsupplies.

title:	Card.io 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.card.io%2F
desc:	Mobilephonecreditcardscanningforapplicationdevelopers.

title:	CreditCardSupplies.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creditcardsupplies.net%2F
desc:	Offerscreditcardterminals,printers,checkreaders,supplies,andaccessories.

title:	ExaDigm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exadigm.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperandmanufacturerofwirelesscreditcardterminalsandwiredPointofSaletransactionterminals.

title:	Ingenico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ingenico.com%2F
desc:	Creditcardprocessingterminalsandsoftwareforsecurepaymentandinformationonelectronicpaymentindustry.

title:	Inner Fence, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.innerfence.com%2F
desc:	ApplicationformobilecreditcardprocessingforiPhone,iPad,Mac,Android,andWindowsPhone.

title:	Langdale Bros 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.langdalebros.co.uk%2F
desc:	UK-basedmanufacturerofcreditcardstools,cardblanking,cardslotting,simcardandswipecards.

title:	MagTek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magtek.com%2F
desc:	Cardandcheckprocessingequipmentprovider.Includesproducts,supportandcontactinformation.

title:	Mobile Terminals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mobile-terminals.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesmobilepaymentterminalswithbluetooth,chip,andpintechnologyintheUKandIreland.

title:	PaymentStuff.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paymentstuff.com%2F
desc:	Offersterminals,printers,supplies,andmerchantservicesresources.

title:	The Phoenix Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phoenixgrouppos.com%2F
desc:	Offersnewandrefurbishedcreditcardprocessingequipment.

title:	PhoneTransact.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phonetransact.com%2F
desc:	PCIPA-DSScompliantcreditreaderandvirtualterminalapplicationfortheiPhone,iPodtouchandiPad.

title:	POS Supply Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.possupply.com%2F
desc:	Creditcardsupplies,environmentallyfriendlymaterialsandequipmentaccessories.

title:	Spartadata.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spartadata.com%2F
desc:	ApplicationforacceptingcreditcardpaymentsthroughiPhone,iPodTouch,oriPad.

title:	Terminaldepot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.terminaldepot.net%2F
desc:	Providescreditcardterminals,pinpads,checkreaders,supplies,andaccessories.

title:	TokenWorks Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tokenworks.com%2F
desc:	Provides3-TrackmagneticcardreaderwhichinterfacestoHandspringVisorPDAforportablepaymentapplications.

title:	Vikintek Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FCredit_Card_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vikintek.com.tw%2F
desc:	Magneticstripereader.F/2FdecoderIC,TTLinterface,RS232interface,keyboardwedgeinterface

title:	Aeon Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Faeont.com%2F
desc:	Specializinginwebapplicationdevelopment,Internetpresenceandotherrelatedservices.

title:	Anthony Beard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anthonybeard.com%2F
desc:	Creativedirection,designandstrategyforstartupsandestablishedbrands.

title:	ARI Network Services, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arinet.com%2F
desc:	Providesstandards-basedinternet-enabledelectroniccommerceservicestocompaniesinselectedindustrysectorswithshareddistributionchannels.(Nasdaq:ARIS)

title:	Aztec Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Faztecsc.com%2F
desc:	Providescontentdevelopment,customerrelationshipmanagement,graphicdesign,andhostingservices.

title:	b3net.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.b3net.com%2F
desc:	Developsbusiness-to-businessande-commercesites,andofferswebdesign,shoppingcart,andhostingsolutions.

title:	CapeCoder.com Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.capecoder.com%2F
desc:	Interactive,database-drivenB2B/B2Ce-businesssolutions,customASPprogramming,basedinMarshfield,Massachusetts.

title:	CartDesigns 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcartdesigns.com%2F
desc:	Offersshoppingcartsolutions.

title:	The Computer Company, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computercompany.net%2F
desc:	Providescustomwebsites,e-commercesolutions,hostingandITconsulting.

title:	Convina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.convina.com%2F
desc:	Aproviderofapplicationdevelopmentanddeploymentservicesforbusiness.

title:	Dest Group Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dest.com%2F
desc:	SpecializinginInternetmarketing,developmentandsupportofsoftwareproducts,internetpresentationsandinternationale-commerce.Detailsofproductsandservicesoffered.

title:	Digiscribe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digiscribe.com%2F
desc:	Provideswebdesign,systemimplementation,consulting,hosting,anddatabaseandapplicationdevelopment.

title:	Digital River, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digitalriver.com%2F
desc:	Buildse-commercesitesforsoftwarepublishersandonlineretailers.(Nasdaq:DRIV).

title:	Digitas, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digitas.com%2F
desc:	Providesintegratedstrategy,technologyandmarketingsolutionstoleadingInternet-based,e-commercecompanies.(Nasdaq:DTAS).

title:	DXStorm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxstorm.com%2F
desc:	Offersprivatelabelede-commerceservices.Includescompanyprofile,careeropportunitiesandcontactdetails.

title:	Dynamic Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynamicnet.net%2F
desc:	Providesavarietyofecommercesolutionstocompanies.

title:	EarthSights.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earthsights.com%2F
desc:	Providescustomprogramming,sitedesign,andconsultingservices.

title:	Endeavour Internet Business Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-i-b-s.com%2F
desc:	Developerofane-commercesuite,portaltechnology,andcustomprograms.

title:	EonBusiness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eonbusiness.com%2F
desc:	Internetdevelopmentandintegrationcompanyoffersb2candb2be-commercesolutions.

title:	GrafWeb Internet Media Studios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grafweb.com%2F
desc:	E-Commerce,webconsulting,design,hosting,graphicart,andstreamingaudioandvideo.

title:	HyperActive Concepts, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.haconcepts.com%2F
desc:	InternetandNetworkingSolutions,fromabrochuresitetocompletee-commerce,printerrepairtovoice/datawiring.

title:	Info 2 Extreme 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.i2x.net%2F
desc:	Providessystemsdevelopmentandintegration,consulting,databasemanagementandhosting.

title:	Informatics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.informaticsinc.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commerceandwebsitedevelopment,customprogramming,databaseandcontentdevelopment,andprojectmanagementservices.

title:	Inovica Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inovica.com%2F
desc:	Full-serviceInternetandmultimediadeveloperspecialisinginwebapplicationdevelopment,databaseintegrationandecommerceservices.

title:	Interflex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interflex.net%2F
desc:	Provideswebdesign,consulting,hostingandcommercesolutionsfortheB2BindustryandB2Cbasedsites.

title:	Internet Business Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inbusiness.com.au%2F
desc:	OffersdevelopmentofInternet/Intranetfacilitiesande-commercecustomdatabaseapplications.

title:	Internet Marketing Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ims.net%2F
desc:	A'full-service'firmofferingwebsiteande-commercedesign,customapplicationsprogramming,ande-commerceconsulting.

title:	IonIdea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ionidea.com%2F
desc:	Developse-commercesolutionsfromsmallbusinesstoFortune500.

title:	iPOP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leapfroginteractive.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commercedevelopment,programmingandhostingservices.

title:	ISL Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islco.com%2F
desc:	SpecializesineBusinessconsulting,designandbranding,projectmanagement,andapplicationdevelopment.

title:	ItsYourSite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itsyoursite.com%2F
desc:	Offerse-commerceandInternetsolutions.

title:	Ivenue.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ivenue.com%2F
desc:	Full-servicee-commercehostandwebsitedesigner.Servicesincludeacompletesuiteofweb-basedtoolstomanagee-commerceorders,attractcustomers,andtomodifywebsitedesign.

title:	Jacquard Websites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jacquardwebsites.com%2F
desc:	Multi-mediawebsitedevelopment;HTML,JAVA,JavaScrit,audio,video,andanimation.

title:	Link To The Future 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lttf.com%2F
desc:	'Fullservice'e-commercesolutions,web-sitehosting,design,managementandpromotion.

title:	Logical Design Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lds.com%2F
desc:	Architectsintelligente-businesssolutionsfocusedonadvancingtheuserexperiencebycombiningexpertiseinstrategy,design,andtechnology.

title:	Micro Medic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.micromedic.com%2F
desc:	BasedinDurham,NorthCarolina.Specialitiesinclude,programming,e-commerce,graphicdesignandprojectmanagement.

title:	MicroDataCom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microdatacom.net%2F
desc:	Providese-commercestoredevelopmentanddesign,databaseintegrationandnetworkinstallation.

title:	Moore Solutions Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmooresolutions.com%2F
desc:	Designsandimplementse-commerceenabledwebsites.

title:	NetCasters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netcasters.com%2F
desc:	A'fullservice'firmthatprovidesawiderangeofe-commerce-relateddesignanddevelopmentservices.

title:	NetXposure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netx.net%2F
desc:	Developse-commerceandon-linemarketingsolutions.

title:	Nexternal Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nexternal.com%2F
desc:	Providerofe-commercesolutionstoconsumerandcommercialgoodscompanies.

title:	OuterEdge UK Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fouteredgeuk.com%2F
desc:	MagentoeCommercedevelopmentagencybasedinChichester,UK.

title:	Pacific Amber Technologies Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amberpos.com%2F
desc:	Offerspoint-of-salessoftware.
MapleRidge,BritishColumbia,Canada.

title:	PenSol, LLC. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpensol.com%2F
desc:	Providesapplicationdevelopment,databaseintegration,web-sitedesign,andhostingservices.

title:	PHPinternet.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phpinternet.com%2F
desc:	Createscustome-commerceandotherbackendsolutionsforinteractivewebsites.

title:	Planet E-Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planetecomsolutions.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commerceande-businesssolutionsforcorporates.

title:	Prelude Solution Providers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pspindia.com%2F
desc:	Servicesincludesoftwaredevelopmentandtraining,websitedevelopment,ande-commercedevelopment,placement,andconsulting.

title:	Q-One 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.q-one.com%2F
desc:	E-Commercesolutiondevelopmentandmarketingservices.

title:	ReadyWeb, Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.readyweb.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesweb-sitedesign,webapplicationsdevelopment,databasedevelopmentandintegration,sitemanagementandmaintenance,hosting,andconsultingservices.

title:	Red Snapper Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redsnapper.co.uk%2F
desc:	OfferstrategicInternetconsultancyandsitemanagementservices,includingdesign,programming,hosting,andmarketing.

title:	RevaComm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.revacomm.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commercesolutions,visualdesignanddatabaseimplementation.

title:	San Diego Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandiegomedia.com%2F
desc:	Providessoftware,customapplicationdevelopment,andintegrationfore-commerce.

title:	SolutionConscious.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solutionconscious.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesInternet,intranetandextranetdesignanddevelopment,customsoftwareandapplicationdesign,developmentanddeployment,andmarketconsultingservices.

title:	Straightsell 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.straightsell.com.au%2F
desc:	AdelaidebasedAustraliancompanyenablesorganisationstodeliveraneCommercewebsite,incorporatinganonlineproductcataloguewithonlineorderprocessing,viaacontentmanagementsystem.

title:	Strata-Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strata-media.com%2F
desc:	Providesadvertising,branding,ande-commercesolutions.

title:	Studio Moxie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studiomoxie.com%2F
desc:	Offersawiderangeofconsultingande-commercedevelopmentservices.

title:	Vision Information Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visiononline.com%2F
desc:	SpecializesIT(informationtechnology)andstrategicconsulting,contentcreation,securetransactionprocessinganddatabaseapplicationsdevelopment.

title:	Web Transitions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webtransitions.com%2F
desc:	Providese-commercesolutionsforonlinebusinesses.INEXcustomization,Internetcatalogdevelopment,ande-commercesolutionprogramming.

title:	WebADVANCE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webadvance.com%2F
desc:	E-commercewebsitedevelopment,hostingandpromotion.Merchantaccountsetup.

title:	Webdexterous 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webdextero.us%2F
desc:	Awebdesignanddevelopmentagencyservingbusinessesandindividualslocallyandworldwide.

title:	Webpublishing.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webpublishing.com%2F
desc:	Providesdatabaseconnectivity,e-commerceconsulting,videowebcasting,customsoftwaredevelopment,shopping-cart,andtransactionprocessingservices.

title:	WebStack 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webstack.com%2F
desc:	E-commercesolutionsformanufacturers,includingmarketing,sales,procurement,andcustomerservice.

title:	WebTaiwan, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webtaiwan.com%2F
desc:	Offersdigitalcommerce,Webbranding,marketingandconsulting,andlocalizationforoverseaswebsites.

title:	WorldWise, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=https%3A%2F%2Fworldwise.net%2F
desc:	Specializesindevelopinge-commerce,databaseapplicationsandwebserviceplatforms.

title:	XPAND Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FE-Commerce%2FDevelopers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xpandcorp.com%2F
desc:	Offersmanagementconsulting,systemsengineeringandintegration,local-areaandwide-areanetworkmanagement,custommultimediaInternetapplications,databasemanagementandintegration,webdesign,training,andtechnicalsupportservices.

title:	1st National Payment Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.1nps.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesPOScreditcardterminalsandsupplies,andmerchantaccounts.Includesratesandfees,serviceprovided,andcontacts.

title:	BankCard America Merchant Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bankcardamerica.com%2F
desc:	Offersmerchantaccounts,terminals,ACH/EFTsoftware,ATMsandgiftcardprograms.

title:	Bankcard USA Merchant Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bankcardusa.com%2F
desc:	Specializesincreditcardprocessingbusinesses.Offerssolutionsforretailstorefront,mail-order,phone-order,tradeshows,home-basedandInternet.

title:	Bridgeview Bank and Trust 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bridgeviewbank.com%2F
desc:	Westmont,ILprincipalmemberfinancialinstitutionMasterCardandVISA.

title:	Business America Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.businessamerica1.com%2F
desc:	BusinessfulfillmentandmerchantservicesprovidesforU.S.andCanadiancompanies.

title:	Card Tech Merchant Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.global-payment-services.com%2F
desc:	Creditcardmachineandprocessingfornewmerchants.

title:	CardNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cardnetcorp.com%2F
desc:	Providescreditanddebitcardmerchantaccountprocessing.

title:	CC Now Online Retailer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccnow.com%2F
desc:	e-CommercesolutionsforInternetmerchants.

title:	CCAvenue.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccavenue.com%2F
desc:	Offersapaymentgateway,creditcardtransactionandonlinepaymentprocessingservicesformerchantsfromIndia.

title:	ChargeGateway.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chargegateway.com%2F
desc:	Providesreal-timetransactionprocessingservicesforUSandCanadianbusinesses.

title:	Chase Paymentech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chasepaymentech.com%2F
desc:	OffersprocessingservicesforeCommerce,directmarketing,andPOSretail.

title:	Crown Merchants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crownmerchants.com%2F
desc:	SuppliesdebitandcreditcardprocessingequipmentandtechnologywithafocusintheNorthCarolinaarea.

title:	DataCash Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.datacash.com%2F
desc:	Internationalproviderofcreditanddebitcardtransactionprocessing.

title:	E-Commerce Exchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecenow.com%2F
desc:	Providesmerchantaccountsforstorefrontande-commercebusinessesasaregisteredISO/MSPofNationalBankoftheRedwoods,SantaRosa,CA.

title:	eProcessing Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eprocessingnetwork.com%2F
desc:	Providesreal-timetransactionprocessingande-commerceservices.

title:	First Atlantic Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstatlanticcommerce.com%2F
desc:	Bermuda-basede-commercesolutionsproviderspecializinginconsultingservicestoacquiringbanksandsecurepaymentsolutionsfore-businesses.

title:	Global Electronic Technology, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gettrx.com%2F
desc:	Provideroftransactionprocessingservicesfortheretail,hospitality,supermarket,healthcare,andfinancialservicesindustries.

title:	Heartland Payment Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heartlandpaymentsystems.com%2F
desc:	Anindependentpaymentprocessor.Offerscreditanddebitcardprocessing,payrollprocessingviaofficeslocatedthroughoutUSA.

title:	Instabill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.instabill.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesdescriptionofservicesincludingavirtualterminalforMOTOandonlinebusinesses.

title:	Intellipay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intellipay.com%2F
desc:	Providingonline,secureandreal-timecreditcardprocessingservices.

title:	InternetSecure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internetsecure.com%2F
desc:	U.S.andCanadiandollarmerchantcreditcardaccounts.

title:	iPayment, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipaymentinc.com%2F
desc:	ISOisanationalproviderofmerchantbankingservices.

title:	Merchant Services Bergen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.merchantservicesbergen.com%2F
desc:	MSBprovidescreditcardprocessingforalltypesofbusinesses.MSBoffersawiderangeofequipment,includingcheckreadersandpinpads.

title:	Merchant-accounts.ca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.merchant-accounts.ca%2F
desc:	MerchantaccountandecommercesolutionproviderforCanadian-basedbusinesses.

title:	Meridian Payment Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wholesaleprocessor.com%2F
desc:	Providerofmerchantaccountsandcreditcardprocessingequipment.

title:	Moneris Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moneris.com%2F
desc:	Offersalineofmerchantservices,onlinemerchantaccounts,andcreditcardprocessingPOSsoftwareandhardware.

title:	Multi Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.multiservice.com%2F
desc:	Providesspecializedmerchantservicestothetransportationindustry.

title:	National Processing Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npc.net%2F
desc:	Providesawiderangeofpaymentprocessingservices,frompoint-of-salecreditcardprocessingtointegratede-commercesolutions.

title:	Planet Payment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planetpayment.com%2F
desc:	Multi-currencycardprocessingforonlinebusinessesworldwide.

title:	ProPay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.propay.com%2F
desc:	Enablesmerchantstoacceptcreditcardsandotherformsofelectronicpayments.

title:	PSiGate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psigate.com%2F
desc:	Creditcardpaymentprocessingande-commercetransactionservices.

title:	Secure Pay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.securepay.com%2F
desc:	Merchantaccounts,shoppingcarts,creditprocessing.

title:	Secure Trading 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.securetrading.com%2F
desc:	Licensessolutionsforrealtimecreditcardprocessing.

title:	Transecute India Pvt Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transecute.com%2F
desc:	Offerspaymentgateway,creditcardtransactionsandonlinepaymentprocessingservices.AcceptsVisaandMastercreditcards.

title:	U.S. Merchant Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usms.com%2F
desc:	RegisteredwithFirstFinancialBank,Atlanta,Ga.,asanISO/MSP,offersInternetandbrickandmortarpaymentprocessing.

title:	United Processing Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FMerchant_Services%2FCard_Processing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upcbiz.com%2F
desc:	NationallyregisteredMSPandISOheadquarteredinDanbury,CT.

title:	Active IETF Working Groups 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdatatracker.ietf.org%2Fwg%2F
desc:	AdirectoryoftheInternetEngineeringTaskForcegroupsintheseareas:applications,general,Internet,operationsandmanagement,routing,security,transport,anduserservices.

title:	ASN.1 Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itu.int%2FITU-T%2Fasn1%2F
desc:	AbstractSyntaxNotationnumberoneisaninternationalstandardnotationusedindescribingtransmitteddataintelecommunications.

title:	Cazfry's Networking Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hojmark.net%2F
desc:	Linkstodatacommunicationsandnetworkinginformation,specifications,standards,andtutorials.

title:	Controller Area Network (CAN) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kvaser.com%2Fcan
desc:	Aserialbususedindistributedreal-timecontrolsystems(i.e.,incars,industrialautomation).

title:	Federal Communications Commission 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fcc.gov%2F
desc:	U.S.governmentagencyfortelecommunicationsregulation.

title:	GeekTools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geektools.com%2F
desc:	Thisisasetoftechnicalresourcesfornetworkengineersandsystemadministrators;includeswhoisandtraceroute.

title:	Insidetelephony 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insidetelephony.com%2F
desc:	Globaltelecomportalandmagazinefortelecomnews.

title:	ITPRC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itprc.com%2F
desc:	Informationtechnologyprofessional'sresourcecenterprovidesaresourcetolocateinformationonkeytechnologies.

title:	MPLS Resource Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mplsrc.com%2F
desc:	InformationontheIETF'sMultiprotocolLabelSwitchingStandard.

title:	Network Cabling Help 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.datacottage.com%2F
desc:	Networkcablingbasics,withtutorialsonEthernet,TokenRing,Fibre,andinstallationpractices.

title:	Protocols.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.protocols.com%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationonWAN/LANdataandtelecommunicationsprotocols.

title:	Raj Jain - Networking Topics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cse.wustl.edu%2F%7Ejain%2F
desc:	Dr.Jain,ProfessorofComputerandInformationScienceatWashingtonUniversityinSt.Louis,makesavailablehiscollectionofpapers,reports,presentations,tutorials,andclassnotesonthelatestnetworkingtopicssuchasATMtrafficmanagement,gigabitnetworking,ATMoversatellite,FDDI,andperformanceanalysis.

title:	UCStrategies.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucstrategies.com%2F
desc:	Industryresourceforenterprises,vendors,systemintegrators,andanyoneinterestedinthegrowingUnifiedCommunicationsandUnifiedMessagingarena.

title:	Widebeam Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isomatic.co.uk%2FWBStandards.htm
desc:	ThisreportfromtheEuropeanCommissionsupportedWidebeamprojectprovidesanexhaustiveguidetoelectroniccommunicationswithinandbetweensmalltomediumbusinesses.

title:	AM/PM Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ampmservice.com%2F
desc:	CarriesalineofPOSsoftware,hardware,andaccessories.

title:	AspesPos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aspespos.com%2F
desc:	Providescompletepointofsalessystemincludingtouchscreen,barcodescannersforrestaurants,andretailshops.

title:	AURES Technologies Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aures.com%2F
desc:	Offersticketprinters,ePOSterminals,barcodescanners,badgeprinters,TFTscreens,cashdrawers;productsforaccesscontrol:RFID,UHF,proximity,OEMmultimediaterminals.

title:	Bailey Computers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baileycomputers.com%2F
desc:	OffersPointofSalehardwareandsoftwareforretailstores.

title:	Bar Scan Technologies Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bst-intl.com%2F
desc:	Barcodescannerandprinter,labelbarcoding,anddatacollection.

title:	Barcode-Store.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcode-store.com%2F
desc:	Offerssales,supportandrepairofPointofSaleandbarcodehardwareandsoftware.

title:	Bentley Retail Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beresys.com%2F
desc:	Offerselectroniccashdrawers,barcodescanners,receiptrollsandribbonsforreceiptprinters,cashregistersand(POS)pointofsalessystems.

title:	Bitel Co., Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitel.co.kr%2F
desc:	Offerspointofsalepaymentterminals.Seoul,Korea.

title:	Carlton Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carltontechnologies.com%2F
desc:	Resellertobusinessesthatusewirelessdatacollectiondevices,scanningdevices,orpointofsalesystems.

title:	Cash Register Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cashregisterservices.ie%2F
desc:	Retailtechnologysupply,serviceandmaintenanceinIreland,basedinBray,CountyWicklow.

title:	Cashflow Retail Systems, Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cashflow.co.nz%2F
desc:	NewZealanddistributorofPointofSaleequipmentandsuppliesofferingproductandexpertisewithinthePOSenvironment.

title:	Castles Automation Co.,Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.casauto.com.tw%2F
desc:	Smartcardreaders,programmablekeyboards,magneticstripecardreaders,clientpoledisplay.

title:	Consumers Choice POS, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.consumerschoicepos.com%2F
desc:	OffersPOScomputerhardwareproducts,receiptprinter,barcodeprinter,handheldbarcodescanner,touchscreenmonitor,cashdrawerandmagneticcardreader,possupplies,secureonlineordering.

title:	Current Components, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.curcomp.com%2F
desc:	Distributorofsmallprintersandprinterrelatedcomponentsandmechanismsincludingkiosk,receipt,pointofsale,cashdrawer,signaturecapturepad,slipandthermalprinters.

title:	DCS Australia Pty Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dcsa.com.au%2F
desc:	Offersbarcodescanners,printers,point-of-salehardware,RFIDcomponentsandtotaldatacapturesolutions.

title:	Dura-Sys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dura-sys.com%2F
desc:	BarcodeandDatacollectionproductsandSystemsintegrationservices.CustomandOfftheShelfSoftware/Hardwareintegrationwithlegacysystems.

title:	The EPOS Store 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epos-store.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersPointofSaleequipmentandperipherals,receiptprinters,cashdrawers,barcodescanners,customerdisplaysandPOSterminals.

title:	Extreme Barcode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.extremebarcode.com%2F
desc:	Offerspointofsaleequipmentincludingscanners,receiptprintersandcashdrawers.

title:	Gigatech s.a.r.l. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gigatech-lb.com%2F
desc:	OffersPOSproductsincludingreceiptprinters,barcodeprinters,scanners,anddatacollectorsinLebanon.

title:	Interactive Displays 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interactivedisplays.net%2F
desc:	Interactive,computerbasedinformationandmarketingkiosksanddisplays.

title:	International Point of Sale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internationalpointofsale.com%2F
desc:	Pointofsalehardware,includingreceiptprinters,barcodescanners,plusCashRegisterExpress.

title:	Kestronics Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kestronics.co.uk%2F
desc:	Specialistdistributorofmag/ICcardreaders,hand-heldterminals,thermalprintersandthermalprintheads.InteractivekioskcomponentsandportablePOS.

title:	M-S Cash Drawer Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mscashdrawer.com%2F
desc:	OffersPOShardwareproductsincludingM-SCashDrawers,StarMicronics,Ithaca,Metrologic,Symbol,andMagtek.

title:	Marathon Tech International, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marathon-tech.com%2F
desc:	CompletePOSsolutionsutilizingPCbasedPOSsoftwarethatrunsonNT.AllinonetouchscreenPCwithLCDscreen.

title:	Maxa Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maxatec-europe.com%2F
desc:	Europeansupplierofreceipt,barcodeandRFIDprinters,touchscreenterminalsandcashdrawers.

title:	MonsterPOS.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monsterpos.com%2F
desc:	Offersbarcodeproducts,labelsoftware,POSequipmentandsupplies.

title:	National POS Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.natpos.com.au%2F
desc:	SupplypointofsaleshardwaretoretaileroverAustralia.

title:	PC Mart Sdn Bhd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcmart.com.my%2F
desc:	Providesbusinesssoftware,barcodeequipmentandcomputerperipherals.

title:	POS Computer Corp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.poscomputercorp.com%2F
desc:	Projectorientedvalue-addedreseller/systemsintegratorspecializinginPCbasedPOSSystems/peripherals.Providesupply/distributionexpertiseforrollingoutnewand/orretrofitsystemstomultiplelocations.

title:	POS Global 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.posglobal.com%2F
desc:	OffersPOSsystems,barcodescanners,receiptprinters,barcodeprinters,touchscreen,MSR/MICR,cashdrawersandpoledisplays.

title:	POS Outpost, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.posoutpost.com%2F
desc:	POShardware,softwareandbarcodeequipmentincludingreceiptprinters,barcodescanners,touchscreenmonitors,barcodeprintersandsupplies,barcodesoftware,timeandattendanceequipment,secureonlineordering.

title:	POS People 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pospeople.com.au%2F
desc:	Providerofpointofsalesolutionsforrestaurant,rentalandretailindustriesinAustralia.

title:	POS-X 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pos-x.com%2F
desc:	Offerspre-configuredpointofsalesystemsforretailandrestaurantapplications.

title:	POSDATA, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.posdata.com%2F
desc:	Integratorofbarcodingsystems,assetandlabortrackingsolutions,POSperipherals,keyinjectionservices,andrepaironmostbrandsofautoIDequipment.

title:	Positively POS, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.positivelypos.com%2F
desc:	AutomateddatacaptureandPointofSalehardwaresolutionproviders:POSreceiptprinters,barcodereaders,touchscreenmonitors,cashdrawers,barcodeprinters,labels,softwareandreceiptprintersupplies,secureonlineordering.

title:	R.F.Technologies Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rftechno.com%2F
desc:	Providesrepairservicesandreplacementpartsforallbrandsofdrive-thrutimersandPOScomponentsincludingprinters,monitors,andregisters,.

title:	Semicron Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.semicron.com%2F
desc:	PointofSalehardwareandsoftware,includingcreditcardprocessingsolutions.

title:	Strategic Systems and Technology Corp. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sstid.com%2F
desc:	Offersintegrationofautomateddatacollectionandmobilecomputingsystems,includingbarcodescanners,printers,andotherhardwareandsoftware.

title:	Transaction Network Services, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tnsi.com%2F
desc:	Providersofdatacommunicationsservicesfortransaction-orientedapplications.Includesinformationonservices,companynews,andcareers.

title:	Tyner Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tyner.com%2F
desc:	Offersbusinessautomationproductsforretail,manufacturingandwarehousing.

title:	Wincor Nixdorf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wincor-nixdorf.com%2F
desc:	Offersretailershardwareandsoftwaresolutionsfortheentirevaluechain:frombranchtoheadoffice-fromPOSsystemstosolutionofferingsforentireprocessingofbusinesstransactions.

title:	Salcedo, Pablo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FAm%C3%A9rica%2FVenezuela%2FEconom%C3%ADa_y_negocios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pablosalcedoesculturasdehielo.com%2F
desc:	Esculturasenhielo.

title:	ATM Debit Cards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pirg.org%2Fconsumer%2Fbanks%2Fdebit%2Ffact.htm
desc:	PublicInterestResearchGroupsarticleonproblemswithdebitcards.

title:	Avoiding Credit and Charge Card Fraud 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fbcp%2Fedu%2Fpubs%2Fconsumer%2Fcredit%2Fcre07.shtm
desc:	FTCadviceonhowtoprotectyourselffromfraud.

title:	Choosing a Credit Card 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.federalreserve.gov%2Fcreditcard%2F
desc:	Tipsonhowtoshoparoundforacreditcardandanalyzevariousoffersandagreements.FromtheFederalReserveBoard.

title:	Choosing a Credit Card: The Deal is in the Disclosures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fbcp%2Fedu%2Fmicrosites%2Fmoneymatters%2Fcredit-cards-choosing.shtml
desc:	Detaileddiscussionofcreditcardtermsandothercostsandfeatures.

title:	Credit and Debit Card Blocking 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fbcp%2Fedu%2Fpubs%2Fconsumer%2Fcredit%2Fcre11.shtm
desc:	ArticlefromFTCaboutwhatblockingis,whenitisused,andhowtoavoidit.

title:	Credit CARD Act of 2009 - Wikipedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FCredit_CARD_Act_of_2009
desc:	DetailscomprehensivecreditcardreformlegislationfromtheCreditCardAccountabilityResponsibilityandDisclosureActof2009.

title:	Credit Card Insider 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creditcardinsider.com%2F
desc:	Informationalportalforcomprehensiveconsumerandbusinesscardplanningresources.

title:	Credit Cards at Bankrate.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bankrate.com%2Fbrm%2Frate%2Fcc_home.asp
desc:	Averagerates,features,feeandratecomparisonsandsearches,scamalerts,FAQandarticles.

title:	Credit, ATM, and Debit Cards: What to Do if They're Lost or Stolen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fbcp%2Fedu%2Fpubs%2Fconsumer%2Fcredit%2Fcre04.shtm
desc:	Covershowtolimityourfinancialloss,howtoprotectyourcards,whethertobuyaregistrationservice,andhowtofileacomplaint.

title:	DailyFinance: Credit Cards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailyfinance.com%2Fcategory%2Fcredit-cards%2F
desc:	Tipsonmanagingyourcreditcardsandhowtofindthebestcreditcardsforyou.

title:	Debit Cards: Know How to Use Them 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.natlconsumersleague.org%2Fpersonal-finance%2F117-debit-cards%2F235-debit-cards-know-how-to-use-them
desc:	FromtheNationalConsumersLeague.Adviceandinformationaboutdebitcards,howtheydifferfromcreditcards.

title:	Financial Fraud Action UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.financialfraudaction.org.uk%2F
desc:	AssociationforPaymentClearingServices(APACS)isUKbankingindustry'sbodythatworkswithpolice,retailers,cardholders,andorganisationstofightpaymentcardfraud.Providesinteractivetrainingonpreventionwitharticles,linksandcontacts.

title:	Frontline: Secret History of the Credit Card 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fpages%2Ffrontline%2Fshows%2Fcredit%2F
desc:	FRONTLINEandTheNewYorkTimesexaminehowthecreditcardindustryhasbecomesopervasive,lucrativeandpoliticallypowerful.

title:	Gold and Platinum Cards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fbcp%2Fedu%2Fpubs%2Fconsumer%2Fcredit%2Fcre20.shtm
desc:	ArticlefromFTCthatwarnsabouthiddenchargesandfees.

title:	How Credit Cards Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmoney.howstuffworks.com%2Fpersonal-finance%2Fdebt-management%2Fcredit-card.htm
desc:	Explainsthetechnologyofcreditcardsandthedifferenttypesofcardsandplansavailabletoconsumers.

title:	How to Dig Yourself Out of Credit Card Debt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bizjournals.com%2Fdenver%2Fstories%2F1997%2F07%2F07%2Fsmallb4.html
desc:	DenverBusinessJournalarticlegearedtowardsthesmallbusinessowner.

title:	MasterCard - Money Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mastercard.us%2Fen-us%2Fconsumers%2Fget-support%2Ffinancial-education.html
desc:	Offerstipsforstudentsonhowtomanagecreditforcollegefund.

title:	Points on the Dollar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pointsonthedollar.com%2F
desc:	Featurestools,tips,articlesandstrategiesformaximizingcreditcardrewards.

title:	PrepaidDebitCards.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprepaiddebitcards.net%2F
desc:	Providesreviews,acomparisonofprepaiddebitcardsandeducationalblogarticles.

title:	U.S. PIRG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pirg.org%2Fconsumer%2Fbanks%2Fdebit%2Fdebitcards1.htm
desc:	ATManddebitcardarticlebytheStatePublicInterestResearchGroups.Includesexplanationofrightsandliabilities,pitfalls,andhowtheydifferfromcreditcards.

title:	BBC Inside Out - Credit Card Cloning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FDebit_and_Credit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Finsideout%2Feast%2Fseries3%2Fcredit_card_cloning.shtml
desc:	Areportoncreditcardfraudandcardcloning.

title:	AA Visa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theaa.com%2Fcredit-card-deals
desc:	Providesdetailsofthecurrentrates,rewards,anonlineapplicationformandFAQs.

title:	American Express 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanexpress.com%2Fuk%2Fcontent%2Fcredit-cards%2F
desc:	Productinformation,cashaccesslocatorandtravelofficeservices,withonlineaccountaccessforcardholders.

title:	Bank of Scotland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bankofscotland.co.uk%2Fcreditcards%2F
desc:	Offersarangeofpersonalcreditcards.Containsasummaryofcurrentratesandoffers.

title:	Barclaycard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barclaycard.co.uk%2Fpersonal
desc:	Detailsofcardtypesonofferandonlineapplicationprocess.Alsohasaloginareaforexistingcardholders.

title:	Capital One 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.capitalone.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsontherangeofcreditcardsissuedbythisbank.Viewtermsandconditionsoninterestratesforsavings,balancetransfersandpurchases.Offersonlineapplications.

title:	Co-operative Bank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.co-operativebank.co.uk%2Fcreditcards
desc:	Detailsofcardtypesandrates.Onlineapplicationfacility.

title:	Creation Finance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creation.co.uk%2Fcredit-cards%2F
desc:	Offersarangeofpersonalcreditcards.Includesinformationonratesandcharges,plusanonlineapplicationfacility.

title:	Credit Card Searcher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creditsearcher.co.uk%2F
desc:	ComparisonfacilityformostofthemajorcreditcardsintheUK.Alsofeaturesanewssection.

title:	Credit Cards 4 Bad Credit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creditcards4badcredit.co.uk%2F
desc:	Focusesoncreditcardsaimedatpeoplewithapoorcreditrating.Includesdetailsofproviders,tips,articlesandnews.

title:	First Direct 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww1.firstdirect.com%2F1%2F2%2Fcredit-cards
desc:	Abalancetransfercalculator,competitorcomparison,andonlineapplicationform.

title:	Fuelcards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.discountdiesel.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidesdetailsandanonlineapplicationfacilityfortheDieselDirectandeuroShellfuelcardsissuedbytheAbbeyGroup.

title:	Fuelmate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fuelmate.co.uk%2F
desc:	AsupplierofarangeoffuelcardstobusinessesintheUK.AwideportfoliooffuelcardsincludingShell,BP,Total,Texaco,UKFuelsandKeyfuels.

title:	Halifax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.halifax.co.uk%2Fcreditcards%2F
desc:	Detailsaboutthevariouscardsthisbankoffers.

title:	HSBC Credit Card 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hsbc.co.uk%2F1%2F2%2Fcredit-cards%2Fcredit-card
desc:	ProvidesinformationonthecreditcardofferedbyHSBC,andincludesanonlineapplicationfacility.

title:	Lloyds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lloydsbank.com%2Fcredit-cards.asp
desc:	Providesinformationaboutcurrentcreditcardsandrewardprogramsoffered.

title:	Marbles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marbles.com%2F
desc:	CreditcardofferedbyBankofScotlandplc.FeaturesaccountservicesandFAQs.

title:	MasterCard Worldwide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mastercard.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providespaymentprocessingbetweencardissuersandmerchantsbank.Containsproductinformation,customerservices,alistofMasterCardissuersandanATMlocator.

title:	MBNA Europe Bank Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mbna.co.uk%2F
desc:	Detailsofrates,chargesandbenefitsforarangeofpersonalandbusinesscards.

title:	Nationwide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationwide.co.uk%2Fcreditcard%2F
desc:	Includesdetailsofrates,chargesandbenefits.Includesabalancetransfercalculatorandonlineapplicationfacility.

title:	NatWest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.natwest.com%2Fpersonal%2Fcredit-cards.ashx
desc:	Providesinformationontherangeofcreditcardsofferedbythishighstreetbank.Includesanonlineapplicationfacilityandasummaryoftheirratesandcharges.

title:	Partnership Card 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.partnershipcard.co.uk%2F
desc:	Includessummaryofratesandcharges,applicationfacilityandaccountmanagement.IssuedbyJohnLewisFinancialServices.

title:	Post Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.postoffice.co.uk%2Fcredit-card
desc:	Providesinformationaboutcreditcardproductsincludingcurrentrates.

title:	Royal Bank of Scotland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rbs.co.uk%2Fpersonal%2Fcredit-cards.ashx
desc:	CurrentcreditcardoffersfromRBS.Includesdetailsofrates,rewardprogramsandpromotions.

title:	Santander 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.santander.co.uk%2Fuk%2Fcredit-cards
desc:	ProvidesrateandapplicationinformationforSantandercardproducts.

title:	Shout 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theshoutcard.co.uk%2F
desc:	Creditcarddesignedforpeoplewithtarnishedcredithistory.Includesproductandinterestratesummary,FAQsandanapplicationfacility.

title:	Smile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smile.co.uk%2Fcreditcards
desc:	ProvidesrateinformationandanonlineapplicationfacilityforthiscardissuedbytheCo-operativeBank.

title:	Tesco Bank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tescobank.com%2Fcreditcards%2F
desc:	Providesbenefitandrateinformationwithanapplicationfacility.Onlineaccountaccessforcardholders.

title:	The UK Cards Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theukcardsassociation.org.uk%2F
desc:	TradeassociationforthecardsindustryintheUK.Containsinformationandguidesforconsumersonavarietyoftopicsrelatedtocreditcards.

title:	Vanquis Bank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanquis.co.uk%2F
desc:	Creditcardsuitableforindividualswhohavehadanapplicationforcreditdeclinedinthepast.Includesproductsummaryandrateinformation.

title:	Virgin Money 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FFinancial_Services%2FPersonal_Finance%2FCredit_Cards&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuk.virginmoney.com%2Fvirgin%2Fcards%2F
desc:	Detailsofthebenefits,ratesandchargesofcardsofferedbyVirginMoney.AlsoFAQsandonlineapplicationfacility.

title:	ATA-ATAPI.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ata-atapi.com%2F
desc:	OffersinformationaboutATAandATAPIdevices.Alsoprovidesdriversandhistoricalinformation.

title:	Beyond Logic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beyondlogic.org%2F
desc:	IncludesdetailedinformationonUSP,serialports(RS-232),parallelports(SPP/ECP/EPP/IEEE1284)anddevicedrivers.

title:	Bus-net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bus-net.com%2Findex_busnet.htm
desc:	Theonlinepublicationfordesignersandbuildersofbus/board-basedsystems.

title:	Computer Architecture : What is a Bus? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Enewwave_2%2Findex.htm
desc:	ThebasiccomputerbusisexplainedandinformationisprovidedregardingISA,PCI,MCA,EISA,VESA,andVL-Busarchitecture.

title:	Free Online Dictionary of Computing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffoldoc.org%2FBus
desc:	Explainswhatabusisandishyperlinkedtoadditionalinformation.

title:	The Hardware Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hardwarebook.info%2F
desc:	Providescircuits,pinouts,cableandadapterdescriptionsplusothertechnicalinformation.

title:	The I/O Bus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsophia.dtp.fmph.uniba.sk%2Fpchardware%2Fbus.html
desc:	Thisarticlecoversbus,itshistoryandstatus,PCI,EISA,MCA,busmastering,plugandplay,andthebleedingedge.FromIntroductiontoPCHardware.

title:	Instrument Control Fundamentals: Hardware and Bus Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fzone.ni.com%2Fdevzone%2Fcda%2Ftut%2Fp%2Fid%2F15
desc:	Setoftutorialsandconceptdocumentsprovidinginformationonalltheinstrumentcontrolhardwareandbustechnologies.

title:	Leroy's Engineering Web Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interfacebus.com%2F
desc:	Containingdetailedinterfacebusstandardsandengineeringdesigninformation.

title:	PC/104 Supplier Link Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pc104.com%2F
desc:	ProvideslinkstomanyPC/104embeddedcomputingvendorswithdescriptionsofthecompany'sofferings.

title:	Technical Committee T13 AT Attachment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.t13.org%2F
desc:	ResponsibleforallinterfacestandardsrelatingtothepopularATAttachment(ATA)storageinterfaceutilizedasthediskdriveinterfaceonmostpersonalandmobilecomputerstoday.

title:	Theregister.co.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theregister.co.uk%2F2001%2F03%2F07%2Fthe_open_pc_is_dead%2F
desc:	Thefightforanopenhardwareplatformisveryreal,andthepowerhasswungfromthePCleaderstotheentertainmentindustry.

title:	Quick Reference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FRS-232&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rs485.com%2Frs485spec.html
desc:	ForRS485,RS422,RS232andRS423.

title:	RS-232 Diagnosis Tech Bulletin From Mike Sandman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FRS-232&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandman.com%2Frs232.html
desc:	RS-232SerialCommunicationsisnotthathard.

title:	The RS232 Standard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FRS-232&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.camiresearch.com%2FData_Com_Basics%2FRS232_standard.html
desc:	Atutorialwithsignalnamesanddefinitions.

title:	Serial/Rs-232 Interfacing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FRS-232&url=http%3A%2F%2Fretired.beyondlogic.org%2Fserial%2Fserial.htm
desc:	Detailedexplanationsoninterfacingtheserialport.

title:	CSR Acronym Definitions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference%2FGlossaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csrstds.com%2Facro-a-d.html
desc:	CommunicationsStandardsReviewoffersthislistofacronymexpansions.

title:	Satellite Terms Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference%2FGlossaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.satnews.com%2Fglossary.shtml
desc:	Definitionsforsatellitetransmissionsincludingvideoanddatacommunications.

title:	Telecommunication Terminology Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference%2FGlossaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itu.int%2Fterminology%2Findex.html
desc:	TERMITEincludesallthetermswhichappearedinITUprintedglossariessince1980.

title:	Whatis.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Communications%2FReference%2FGlossaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwhatis.techtarget.com%2F
desc:	DefinitionsonthousandsofthemostcurrentITandComputerrelatedwords.

title:	AccuPOS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accupos.com%2F
desc:	OfferssoftwarethatintegrateswithQuickBooks,Peachtree,SimplyAccounting,Line50andMAS90/200.Includesscreenshots,FAQanddownloads.

title:	Activant Solutions Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.activant.com%2Fproducts%2Factivant-dimensions-canada%2F
desc:	Providesbusinessmanagementsolutionsforawiderangeofretailers,dealers,suppliersandwholesalerswithintegratedpoint-of-saleandinventorycontrolsoftware.

title:	Advanced Point of Sale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aposme.com%2F
desc:	SmallbusinessPOSprovidingcashregister,accounting,inventoryandcustomermanagement.

title:	BCW Ink Rollers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bcwinkrollers.com%2F
desc:	Suppliesreplacementinkrollersforprintingcalculatorsandinkribbonsforcashregisters.

title:	Coast Paper and Ribbon Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coast-paper.com%2F
desc:	Wholesalesupplierofpaper,inkrollsandribbons,alongwithmanyotherofficesupplies.

title:	Communication Paper Limited Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpirolls.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturesthermalandbondpaperforPOSapplicationsincludingcustomprintedpaper,alsosuppliesinkribbonsandtonercartridges.

title:	Primatel Products Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.primatel.co.uk%2F
desc:	Suppliersofprinterconsumables,tillrolls,faxandcreditcardrolls.

title:	Richmond Paper and Ink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.richmondpaperandink.com%2F
desc:	Onlinepointofsalesuppliesstoreprovidesthermalpaperrolls,tonercartridgesandguestcheckstoretailbusinesses.

title:	American Precision Instruments 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apipos.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofferstouchscreenpossoftwareforWindows.Alsosellsretailequipment,supportandtrialdownload.

title:	Astute Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astutesoftware.co.nz%2F
desc:	NewZealanddevelopmentcompanyofferspointofsaleandstockcontrolsoftware.Includesfeaturelistingsandproductpowerpointpresentation.

title:	AUK2000 Software Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auk2000.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offerstillmanagementsoftwareforsmallretailers.Featuresstockcontrol,customeraccountsandreportingfeatures.[UK]

title:	Balance Innovations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbalanceinnovations.com%2F
desc:	Offerscashmanagementsoftwareforretailerstocontrolshrinkandreducelabor.

title:	Bibase Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bibase.com%2F
desc:	PointofsaleandDVDrentalsoftwareforWindows.Includesproducts,updates,trialversionsandorderinformation.

title:	Business Information Technology Services, Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.b-i-t-s.co.uk%2F
desc:	Specializinginpointofsalesystemswithdirectlinkstoe-commercesitesforon-lineselling.

title:	CBC Computer Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbcs.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwaredesignedspecificallyfordecoratingretailers.Includessamplehardwareconfigurations,featuresandsupportinformation.

title:	CDMS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcdms-inc.com%2F
desc:	OffersPOSandinformationsystemsforfloorcoveringandcarpetdealers.

title:	Schades - all over Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schades.com%2F
desc:	Europeanmanufacturerofreceiptpaperrollsforcashregisters,faxmachines,calculators,ATMmachines,Kiosk's,ticketsandtags,andselfadhesivelabels.

title:	StoreSupplies.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storesupplies.com%2F
desc:	Supplierofpricemarkingandbarcodesupplies,cashregistertape,labels,hangtabsandbags.

title:	The Till Roll Man 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tillrollman.co.uk%2F
desc:	Tillrolls,inks,ribbons,pluspricinggunsandsupplies.

title:	Union Chemicar (UK) Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FRetail_Trade%2FTechnology%2FPoint_of_Sale%2FHardware%2FSupplies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.union-uk.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturersofInkedRibbonsCassettes,ThermalTransferBarcodeandFaxRibbons

title:	CerTek Software Designs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcertek.com%2F
desc:	POSsoftwareforsmalltomediumstores.Detailedcustomerandinventorytracking.Multiplesimultaneoussalesperregister.EasyaccountingexporttoQuickenandQuickBooks.

title:	CES TS Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cessoftware.com%2F
desc:	EPOSSoftwareforthehospitalityandretailsectors.

title:	Christian James Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paygopos.com%2F
desc:	Offerspointofsalesoftwarespecificallyformobileretailerswhosellattradeshows.

title:	Comcash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comcash.com%2F
desc:	OfferssoftwarethatinterfaceswithQuickbooks.Includesdemonstrationdownloads,screenshotsandcontactinformation.

title:	Complete Software Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.completesoft.com%2F
desc:	Offersbusinessmanagementsoftwareforvideostoreretailers.Includesdemonstrationdownloads.

title:	Creative Computing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativecomputing.com.au%2F
desc:	Australiancompanyprovidingmulti-storePOS,inventorymanagementandaccountingsoftware.

title:	Crichlow Data Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thegeneralstore.com%2F
desc:	OfferstheGeneralStore,anaccounting,inventory,POSandmanagementsoftwarepackageforretailers.

title:	Cybertill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cybertill.co.uk%2F
desc:	Applicationserviceprovider(ASP)providingPOSsoftwarewithintegratede-commerceinterface,plusstockandsalesmanagementcontrol.

title:	DCR Point of Sale System Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dcrpos.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinprovidingpersonalizedpointofsalesystemsolutionsandsupportforrestaurant,retailandgroceryoperations.

title:	DealOngo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dealongo.com%2F
desc:	Softwareforsmallcompaniesandsoletraderstakingordersinthefield.

title:	Definitive Synergy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.definitivesynergy.com%2F
desc:	POSsoftwareforoperatingbars,restaurants,poolroomsandretailbusinesses.Turnkeysystemsandotherhardwareavailable.Demodownloads.

title:	Dynamasys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynamasys.com%2F
desc:	WebbasedPOSandECRreportingsoftware.Includesservicesandpricing.

title:	ECR Software Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecrsoft.com%2F
desc:	OffersWindowsNTautomationsoftwareretailbusinesses.Featuresusagetips,companynewsandhistory.

title:	EES Companies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eesco.com%2F
desc:	Offerspossoftwarewithintegratedinventorytrackingandaccountingcomponents.

title:	Epos Software Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epos.com.au%2F
desc:	Forretail,singlestoreorchainstoreoperations.Includesreports,servicesanddealerlisting.

title:	ePOS Wizard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eposwizard.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesexpertadviceviaforumsonpurchasing,repairing,andmaintainingcashregistersandPOSequipment.

title:	Extenda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.extenda.com%2F
desc:	InternationalsupplierofretailstoresolutionsincludingPOS,backoffice,andfinancialapplications.

title:	Extreme Point of Sale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.extremepos.com%2F
desc:	Distributorofinventorycontrolsoftware,POScomputerhardware,andsuppliestoretailersandrestaurants.Featuresonlineorderinganddownloads.

title:	Fedelta Point of Sale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fedeltapos.com%2F
desc:	Providespointofsalesystemsandsoftwareforretail,gaming,andhospitalityindustries.

title:	FirmPOS Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firmpos.com%2F
desc:	Offersacombinationfitnessaccountmanagementandpointofsalepackage.Includesscreenshots,trialdownloadandhardwarerequirements.

title:	Fiscal Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fis-cal.com%2F
desc:	Offersaccountingsoftwareforconveniencestores,gasstationsandretailers.Featuressampleconfigurationandfeaturelist.

title:	Heiko Group, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heikogroup.com%2F
desc:	Designing,developing,andimplementingtransactionautomationdeliverysolutionsandPoint-Of-Sale(POS)terminalsoftwareapplications.

title:	Hermes Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hermes-software.com%2F
desc:	Offersstockingandinventorycontrolsoftwareinmultiplelanguages.Includesdemonstrationdownloads.

title:	Homestead Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.homesteadsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwarespecificallyfortheconsignmentshops,craftstoresandantiquedealers.

title:	Ideal Computer Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idealcomputersystems.com%2F
desc:	Pointofsale,inventorycontrol,workorders,accounting,andrental.Specificallydesignedfordealersintheoutdoorpowerequipment,powertools,powersports,hearth,marine,farm,andotherindustries.

title:	Integrated Business Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goibs.com%2F
desc:	Offersretailpointofsaleandmanagementsoftwareforgolfclubsandshops.Includesscreenshotsandcontactinformation.

title:	Integrated Services, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ints.com%2F
desc:	Producespoint-of-saleandmanagementsoftwareforfastlubeandcarwashoperations.

title:	IQ Retail 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iqretail.co.za%2F
desc:	ManufacturersofIQAccountingandpointofsalesoftwareforwholesaleandretailbusinesses.

title:	iQmetrix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iqmetrix.com%2F
desc:	DevelopersofRetailiQ,softwarewithintegratedinventory,CRM,andPOSformulti-locationcellularandelectronicsretailers.

title:	JPMA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jpma.com%2F
desc:	POS,frequencyandkiosksoftwareprovider.Includesservices,products,andsupportinformation.

title:	LeisureMost 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leisuremost.com%2F
desc:	Offerspointofsale,booking,memberretention,andmembershipmanagementsoftwaretotheleisureindustry.

title:	Linux Canada Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linuxcanada.com%2F
desc:	Offersanaccountingpackagethatincludesfinancials,purchasing,receiving,inventorycontrolandshelfmanagement.

title:	Mainframe Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mainframeassociates.com%2F
desc:	Develops,installsandsupportsTheControllerSeriesSoftware,amature,fullyintegratedmulti-userbusinessmanagementproductthataddressesallfacetsofbusinessautomation.

title:	Merchant Software Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liquorpos.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofLiquorPOS,asuiteofsoftwarespecificallyforliquorretailers.Featuresdemonstrationdownload,manualandcontactinformation.

title:	Micro Register 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microregister.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareforWindowsandDOSincludesfreedemonstrationdownloadandtrialversion.Workswithbarcodereadersandcashdrawers.

title:	Millennium Software, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atrex.com%2F
desc:	Inventorycontrol,pointofsaleinvoicing,orderentry,andpurchaseordermanagementsoftware.

title:	MMS Cellular 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mmspos.com%2F
desc:	Offerspossoftwareforcellular,satellite,andpagerretailers.Includesbrochureandcontactinformation.

title:	Odin Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.odin-inc.com%2F
desc:	Offersdebitcardandpoint-of-salesystemsforindependentschools.

title:	Acante 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acante.co.uk%2F
desc:	SourceforintelligenttouchscreenLCDandkiosksolutions.

title:	Acolo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acolo.ro%2F
desc:	Romanianproviderofinteractivemultimediatouchscreenkiosks.

title:	PHP Point Of Sale (PoS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phppointofsale.com%2F
desc:	OnlinePHPPointofSale(POS)softwareallowingyourbusinesstokeeptrackofcustomers,inventory,financesandgeneratereportsbasedonsales.

title:	Plexis POS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plexispos.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwareforstores,restaurantsandQSR.CompatiblewithWindowsVistaandWindowsXP.IncludesFAQanddemo.

title:	Point-of-Sale Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.point-of-salesystems.com%2F
desc:	FreeinformationandconsultationonPOS,systemdesign,setupandtraining.

title:	POS Profits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.posprofits.com%2F
desc:	OfferssoftwareforPOS,accounting,inventorycontrolandcreditcardprocessing.

title:	POSitive Software Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gopositive.com%2F
desc:	POSsoftware,hardwareande-commercesolutions.Includespricing,downloads,andcontacts.

title:	Premier Data Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quickstorepos.com%2F
desc:	Offersinventorymanagementandpointofsalesoftwareforretailers.Includessoftwaredemo,updatesandtechsupport.

title:	ProffittCenter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.proffittcenter.org%2F
desc:	Convenienceandsmallretailersystem.Includesfreedownload.

title:	ProphetLine, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prophetline.com%2F
desc:	Offersretailmanagementsystem,inventorycontrolandpointofsalesoftwareforwindows.

title:	Apunix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apunix.com%2F
desc:	CustomdesignedkioskhardwareandsoftwaresolutionsfortheUNIXmarketplace.

title:	Asteres Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asteres.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturesautomatedinventorymanagementkiosksforthepurchasinganddeliveryofconsumerproducts,healthcaremedicationsandsupplies,andfinishedprescriptions.

title:	Cammax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cammaxlimited.co.uk%2F
desc:	UK-basedfirmofferingpre-designedandcustombuiltkioskandterminalsolutions.

title:	Cheap Kiosks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cheapkiosks.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerandsupplierofenclosures,computers,touchscreenkiosks,retail,software,printers,billacceptersandcreditcardswipes.

title:	Closeout Kiosks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.closeoutkiosks.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerandsupplierofsupplies,software,andcomponents.

title:	CompAmerica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.compamericadirect.com%2Fkioskpcs%2F
desc:	EmbeddedkioskPCsthatrunWindows,LinuxandIRmx.

title:	Companion Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.companionsystems.com%2F
desc:	Designsandmanufacturesbrandedenclosuresforinteractivekioskprojects.

title:	Provaya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.provaya.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofCheckoutProfessionalPOSsystemwhichinterfaceswithQuickbooks.Includescontactandresellerinformation.

title:	QwikRegister Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qwikregister.com%2F
desc:	Softwareproviderfeaturesscreenshots,contactinformationandclientlist.

title:	Rent It Biz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rentitbiz.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwarespecificallyfortherentalindustry.

title:	Retail Systems Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fretailsystems.com.au%2F
desc:	DeveloperoftheRSAPC-POSsystem.Includesfeatures,testimonialsandcontacts.

title:	Sanyo POS-Magic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.posmagic.com.au%2F
desc:	SoftwarespecificallydesignedtolinkamembersloyaltyandstockcontrolsystemwiththeSanyoIntelligentPointofSaleterminals.

title:	Seafoo Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gemdat.com%2F
desc:	Softwareaccountingpackageforthefoodindustrythatcanbecustomizedforyourbusiness.

title:	Smyth Retail Systems Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smythretail.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesautomatedPOSsolutions,inventorymanagementandaccountingsoftwaretoindependentspecialtyretailers.

title:	Compustation Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiosksinc.com%2F
desc:	ComputerenclosureswithNEMA12rating.Ruggedizedforoutdoorandharshenvironments.

title:	Data Asia Technology Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.touchscreen.com.hk%2F
desc:	HongKongdistributoroftouchscreensystemsandkiosks.

title:	eAnytime Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eanytime.com%2F
desc:	Customkiosk,softwareandbusinesssystemdeveloperfromOhio.

title:	EasyCafe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tinasoft.com%2Feasycafe
desc:	InternetCafemachinemanagementsoftware.

title:	eCONTEX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.econtex.co.uk%2F
desc:	Europeanproviderofsoftwareandhardwaresolutionsfori-kiosks.Providingnetworkmanagementservices,kioskapplicationdevelopmentandhardwaresupport.

title:	eMINK Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emink.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesHardware/Software,AdvertisingEngine,NetworkOperationSystem,andotherkioskturnkeysolutions.

title:	SoftTouch Solutions Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frameready.com%2F
desc:	Offersaretailmanagementsystemdesignedforcustomframeshops,framingdepartmentsandartgalleries.Featuresdemonstrationdownloadsandproductmanuals.

title:	The Software Clinic Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tsc.on.ca%2F
desc:	Developersofmulti-modulepointofsalesoftware.Includesdemo.

title:	Solid Rock Technical Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srtechnicalsolutions.com%2F
desc:	OffersPointofSaleautomatedsolutionsfordirectstoredelivery,inventorycontrolandwarehousemanagement.

title:	Specialized Business Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keystrokepos.com%2F
desc:	Salesmanagementandinventorycontrolsoftwaresystemforretail,wholesale,andservicebusinesses.SBShasdevelopedKeystrokePOSsince1988.

title:	Spirit XPos Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spiritpos.com%2F
desc:	Offerscashregisterandbackofficesoftwarewithinventorycontrol.IncludesFAQandfeatureslist.

title:	Teletra Software - Teletracker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teletracker.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwareforthecellular/wireless,satellite,andpagerretailindustry.IncludesproductFAQanddownloads.

title:	Tellermetrix Transaction Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tellermetrix.com%2F
desc:	Offerssystemsforcheckcashingcompaniesandbanks.

title:	Enovate Medical 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.enovatemedical.com%2F
desc:	Customizablecomputercartsandall-in-onemobilecomputingsolutionsforhealthcarefacilitiesusingWLANtechnologiesforpointofcare/EMR.

title:	friendlyway Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.friendlyway.com%2F
desc:	Completekiosksolutionsproviderfromkiosksystemstokiosksoftware.

title:	Future Generation Services Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bnol.co.uk%2F
desc:	PresentsinteractivetouchscreenkiosksystemsforInternetapplications,withpointofsalefacilities.UKbased.

title:	Generaltouch Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.generaltouch.com%2F
desc:	Specializesintheresearchanddevelopment,productionandmarketingoftouchscreens.

title:	H82 medientechnik GmbH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.h82.at%2F
desc:	Austriankioskspecialist.

title:	Tempus Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tempuspayment.com%2F
desc:	Providescompletedatamanagementsolutions.

title:	Trak Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.traksys.com%2F
desc:	Offersstoremanagementsoftwarespecificallyformusicretailers.Includesproductoverviewandcontactdetails.

title:	Triquestra International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.triquestra.com%2F
desc:	Singleandmulti-storePOSsoftware.Includesproducts,contacts,anddownloads.

title:	Unique Business Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unibiz.com%2F
desc:	Developerofferssoftwareforphotoprocessors,equipmentrentalprovidersandvideoretailers.Featuresdemonstrationdownloadsandinformationaboutbusinessautomation.

title:	VHS - Software Clinic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Finternext.co.za%2Fclients%2Fnestor%2Fvhs.htm
desc:	Offersarentalandpointofsaleapplicationsoftwareprogram.Includesdownloadsandscreenshots.

title:	Visual Retail Plus, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.posplus.com%2F
desc:	POSandinventorymanagementsolutionsformulti-registerandmulti-storeoperations.

title:	VisualTouch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visualtouchpos.com%2F
desc:	Resellerofpointofsaleequipmentandsoftwareoffersproducttourandcontactdetails.

title:	Horizon Worldwide Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhorizonworldwide.com%2F
desc:	Customkioskdesignandmanufacturing.

title:	I-Kiosk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.i-kiosk.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKbasedkiosksoftwareandhardwareprovider.

title:	Industrial Computers, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eindustrialcomputer.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofkiosks,touchscreens,rackmountcomputer,industrialcomputer,andindustrialthinclientterminal.

title:	K6 design group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k6.co.uk%2F
desc:	Widerangeofkiosksandotherpointofpurchasetechnologiesbothofftheshelfandcustommade.FullUKcoverage.

title:	KING Products and Solutions Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kingproducts.com%2F
desc:	Anadvancedtechnology,innovationandintegrationcompanythatoffersmulti-mediasolutionsandservicesforpublicaccesstoinformation,e-commerceandtelecommunication.

title:	Kioscosnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kioscosnet.com%2F
desc:	ImplementssolutionsforInternetkiosks.

title:	The Kiosk Factory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thekioskfactory.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturersofcustomdesignedinteractivetouch-screenkiosksandterminalsforsportsvenues,entertainmentfacilities,educational,tourism,andmuseums.BasedinCanada.

title:	Kiosk Logix LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiosklogix.com%2F
desc:	Publicinternetkiosksoftware.

title:	VMT Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vmtsoft.com%2F
desc:	VideoShoppevideorentalPOSsoftware.Includesdownload,testimonialsandFAQ.

title:	Windward Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwws5.com%2F
desc:	Developsinventorycontrolandpointofsalesoftwareforwholesalers,retailers,servicecompaniesandindustrialsupplyshops.

title:	YukonSoft Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FPoint_of_Sale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yukonsoft.com%2F
desc:	SuppliessoftwareforPOS,web-storesandbusinessautomation.Featuresdemonstrationdownload.

title:	Kiosks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.power.cz%2F
desc:	Czechproducerofinformationandmultimediakiosksandtouchscreenmonitors.

title:	Kiosks and Multimedia Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiosko.com%2F
desc:	Touchscreenkiosks,turnkeyorbarebones.

title:	KIS Kiosk Information Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiosk.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesturnkeyInternetkiosksandcustomsolutionsincludinghardware,enclosures,softwareandconsulting.ISO9001andUL-listedcertified.CorecompetenciesincludeInternet,Wi-FiHotspots,andhumanresourcessolutions.

title:	Madison Productions Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mpitime.com%2F
desc:	Amuti-mediafirmwhichproducesvideo,interactivekiosks,e-cards,webtraining,andwebsites.

title:	Magister Software S.R.L. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magister.ro%2F
desc:	RomanianITcompanythatprovidesturnkeyretailsolutionsforsmallandmedium-sizedretailers.Thesolutionsfeaturebothspecializedretailsoftwareandequipment.

title:	MDKS Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdks.net%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofoutdoortouchscreenkiosk.

title:	Meridian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmzero.com%2F
desc:	Offerscustomkioskmanufacturinganddesignwith24hourmonitoringandservice.

title:	Miller Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.millertech.com%2F
desc:	SupplierofsmallformatLCDsfrom1.8"andlarger.BothNTSCvideoandVGAinputsavailable.Bothmodulesandhousedmodelsavailable.

title:	Nanonation.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nanonation.net%2F
desc:	Providerofinternetkiosksanddigitalentertainmentsolutions.

title:	Navigo Touchscreen Solutions, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itouchinc.com%2F
desc:	Providersofturn-keytouchscreenmultimediakiosksystemsforhospitals,officebuildings,librariesanduniversities.

title:	NeoProducts Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neoproductsgroup.com%2F
desc:	Suppliespublic-accesskiosksolutions,withbasesintheUKandAustralia.Includesinformationabouttheirproductsandsoftware,alongwithsomecasestudiesandablog.

title:	Olea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Folea.com%2F
desc:	Kioskdesignandmanufacturingwithmorethan25yearsofexperience.

title:	OpenTech Alliance, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opentechalliance.com%2F
desc:	USmanufacturerofkiosksfortheself-storageindustry.

title:	Operand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.operand.com%2F
desc:	Creatingandproducingdigitalexperiencese.g.websites,kiosksandexhibits.

title:	Paralan Kiosk Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paralan-kiosks.com%2F
desc:	Providestotalpaymentkiosksolutionsforallautomatedpaymentsystemrequirements.

title:	PowerCart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.powercart.com%2F
desc:	Developscustomandstandardbattery-poweredworkstationsformedical,industrial,retail,andkioskapplications.

title:	Practical Automation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.practicalautomation.com%2F
desc:	CompletelineofkioskprintersincludingthoseusedbymajorAirlinesforboardingpasses.

title:	Promedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prowiz.com%2F
desc:	Featureskiosks,software,andwebdevelopmentforbusiness,governmentandhospitals.ProvideInternetenabledcyber-kioskswithinteractivetouchscreens.

title:	PublicDataWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.publicdataweb.com%2F
desc:	Britishsuppliersofatotalpackagefortouchscreenpublicaccesskiosks.Theyincludethehardware,softwareandthebusinessplan.

title:	Quarta TouchSystems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.touch.ru%2F
desc:	DistributorofEloTouchSystemsinRussia.Offerstouchscreens,touchmonitors,LCD-panels,informationkiosks,completewithsoftwareandpublicbrowserforInternetkiosks.

title:	Rosendahl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.conceptkiosk.com%2F
desc:	Danishinteractiveindustrialandcustomkioskhardwareandsoftwaresuchase-photostationandtouchscreen.

title:	SABRE Vision 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sabrevision.com%2Finteractive.htm
desc:	UKkioskprovider

title:	See and Touch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.see-and-touch.com%2F
desc:	Belgiandesignerofkioskenclosures,accessories,kioskrentingandmultimediaapplications.

title:	SeePoint, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seepoint.com%2F
desc:	DesignsandmanufacturespanelPCs,internetkiosks,andtouchscreenterminals.

title:	SiteKiosk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sitekiosk.com%2F
desc:	Versatilesecureinternetbrowserforcybercafes,internetterminals,kiosksortouchscreendevices.

title:	Source Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sourcetech.com%2F
desc:	SolutionscampanybasedinCharlotte,NC,withwideexperienceespeciallyinretailkiosks.

title:	Storefront's Photo Kiosk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storefront.com%2Fphoto_kiosk.html
desc:	Providesafull-featuredsolutionfordigitalandprinttoprintphotokiosks.

title:	SurfBox Internet Access 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surfbox.ie%2F
desc:	Ireland-basedsupplierofpayasyougoInternetAccesssolutions,primarilyforthehospitalityandtourismmarkets.

title:	SurferQuest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surferquest.com%2F
desc:	ProviderofselfcontainedHigh-EndDellKiosksPCs,speciallydevelopedforthehospitalityindustry.

title:	Touch International Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.touchinternational.com%2F
desc:	Aglobalsupplieroftouchinputproducts,offeringabroadarrayofhigh-qualityresistiveandcapacitivetouchscreens.

title:	Touch Sonic Technologies Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.touchsonic.com%2F
desc:	Californiakioskmanufacturer.

title:	TouchMedia Philippines, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftouchmedia.biz%2F
desc:	Offersinteractivekioskandtouchscreenbasedsolutionsforrevenuegeneratingapplicationsinthefinancial,retail,andentertainmentindustries.

title:	TTSS Interactive Products, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ttss.com%2F
desc:	Providingturnkeyinteractivetouchscreendirectorykiosksolutionsforalltypesofapplications.BasedinRockville,MD

title:	Wescan Systems Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wescanltd.com%2F
desc:	Canadianmanufacturerofmultimedia,selfservice,touchscreenkiosks.

title:	Winstanley Associates, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kbw.net%2F
desc:	Michiganbasedmakerofinteractivemultimediatouchscreenkiosksandinternetkiosksystems.

title:	WireSpring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wirespring.com%2F
desc:	MakersofFireCastLinuxkiosksoftwareanddigitalsignagesuite.

title:	Working Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.working-solutions.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKprovidersofkiosksolutionsforawholerangeofindustries,includingretail,hospitality,museums,hotels,banksandfinancialinstitutions.

title:	WTI Inc.: Power Reboot Switches 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wti.com%2Fc-1-power-reboot-switches.aspx
desc:	Designandmanufactureofremotepowerrebootunitsfor115/230VACpowermanagementofremoteserversorkiosks.

title:	Zytronic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FSystems%2FKiosks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zytronic.co.uk%2F
desc:	Touchscreensthatareusedinthemanufacturingoftouchscreenkiosks,atmsandotherterminals.

title:	Digital Money: A View from the United States 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itas.fzk.de%2Fdeu%2Ftadn%2Ftadn298%2Fcoat298a.htm
desc:	1998articleoriginallyfromtheInstituteforTechnologyAssessment,Washington.

title:	E-Money (That's What I Want) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wired.com%2F1994%2F12%2Femoney%2F
desc:	Articlethatdiscussestheinevitabilityofdigitalmoney.

title:	E-Money Mini-FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprojects.exeter.ac.uk%2FRDavies%2Farian%2Femoneyfaq.html
desc:	Answerstofrequentlyaskedquestionsaboutelectronicmoney,e-money,ordigitalcash.

title:	Full Text of David Chaum's Congressional Speech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtualschool.edu%2Fmon%2FElectronicProperty%2FChaumTestimony
desc:	1995testimonybyane-cashexpertbeforeU.S.Congress,discussingvariousissuesconcerningdigitalmoneyandelectronicpayments.

title:	The Future of Money 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtualschool.edu%2Fmon%2FElectronicProperty%2FFutureOfMoney
desc:	E-cashproblemsandperspectivesdiscussed.

title:	The Future of Money 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wired.com%2F1996%2F10%2Fwriston%2F%3Ftopic%3Dfuture_of_money%26topic_set%3Dneweconomy
desc:	AninterviewwithWalterWristonaboutmoney,theeconomy,andthedigitalera.

title:	USB.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usb.org%2F
desc:	Officialsite.Includesinformation,products,developerssection,andpress.

title:	Developer - Universal Serial Bus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.apple.com%2Fhardware%2Fusb%2F
desc:	FromApple'ssite.

title:	Everything USB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.everythingusb.com%2F
desc:	NewsandproductreviewsonbothUSB1.1and2.0peripheralsandadapters.AlsoincludesaFAQandUSB2.0driverupdate.

title:	Macspeedzone.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macspeedzone.com%2Farchive%2F5.0%2Fusbcomparison.html
desc:	USBportspeedcomparedtootherportspeeds.

title:	Spread Spectrum Scene 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sss-mag.com%2Fusb.html
desc:	Providestutorial,informationlinks,andrecommendedreferencebooksontheUniversalSerialBus.

title:	Universal Serial Bus Implementers Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usb.org%2Fdevelopers%2F
desc:	CurrentrevisionoftheUSBspecwithallavailabledeviceclassdocuments,whitepapersandalsothecomplianceworkshopchecklists.

title:	USB Device Development Notes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alanmacek.com%2Fusb%2Findex.html
desc:	GeneralUSBinformationandlinks.

title:	VITA - The VMEbus International Trade Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FVME&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vita.com%2F
desc:	VMEbusinformation,membershiproster,training,andmarketinformation.NewproductsdirectoryincludingaVMEbusvirtualtradeshow,JournalMagazineandstandardsorganizationandlinks.

title:	VME International Physics Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FVME&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-ese.fnal.gov%2Fvipa%2Fdefault.htm
desc:	VIPAworkstoextendtheVMEstandardtothebenefitofthephysicscommunityintheareasofdataacquisition,front-endinstrumentation,beamlineinstrumentationandacceleratorcontrols.

title:	Telecommunication Terminology Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject%2FTelecommunication&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itu.int%2Fterminology%2Findex.html
desc:	TERMITEincludesallthetermswhichappearedinITUprintedglossariessince1980.

title:	All Hotkeys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fallhotkeys.com%2F
desc:	Containsadatabaseofkeyboardshortcutsforsoftwareandwebapplications.

title:	Ask Felgall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.felgall.com%2F
desc:	How-topagesthatansweranumberoffrequentlyaskedquestionsaswellassomereferencematerial.

title:	Computer Articles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computerarticles.co.uk%2F
desc:	IncludesanarchiveofallcomputerarticlespublishedweeklyinthelocalSouthWestEnglandpaperthe'HeraldExpress'

title:	Computer Help A to Z 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computerhelpatoz.com%2F
desc:	Explainshowtomakebetteruseofcomputerswitheasytounderstandtipsandarticlescoveringthebasics.

title:	Computer-Internet Tips & Tricks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpc-internet-tips.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	IncludesknowledgeandguidesaboutSymantecNorton,WebdevelopmentandIPnetworks.

title:	Computers For Retirees 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computersforretirees.com%2F
desc:	Providesatutorialgearedtowardseniorsandretirees.All27chaptersarefreeforaccess.

title:	Computertim Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computertim.com%2F
desc:	Freecomputerhow-toarticlesforbeginners,training,andsupport.

title:	Cyberia PC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyberiapc.com%2F
desc:	Offersinformationformotherboards,historyofcomputersandpcproblems.IncludestutorialsforAdobePhotoshop.

title:	Dave's Brain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davekb.com%2F
desc:	Includesprogrammingandcomputertips,alongsidetechopinions.

title:	Etherpunk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etherpunk.com%2F
desc:	ArticlesforMailingLists,Networking,OperatingSystemsandSoftware.

title:	etutorials 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fetutorials.org%2F
desc:	ProvidestutorialsonFlash,HTML,CSS,JavaScript,Photoshop,DreamWeaver,Java,C++and.NET.

title:	Exploring the Internet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ou.edu%2Fresearch%2Felectron%2Finternet%2F
desc:	InformationonarangeoftopicssuchasUsenet,FTP,Gophers,Email,Listservs,IRC,WAIS,theWeb,HTMLandSearchEngines.

title:	Help-Site Computer Manuals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhelp-site.com%2F
desc:	Containslinkstohundredsofcomputerrelateddocumentsandsites.AlistingofFAQslists,tutorials,manualspertainingtocomputers.

title:	How Stuff Works: Computers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcomputer.howstuffworks.com%2F
desc:	Complete,detailed,illustrateddescriptionsoftheinnerworkingsofthePC.

title:	The How-To Geek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howtogeek.com%2F
desc:	Includeshelp,tutorials,tipsandhow-toguidesforWindowsandLinux.

title:	Internet Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internet-guide.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidestopicsonITnews,gaming,hardware,software,email,virusesandaglossaryofterms.

title:	MalekTips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmalektips.com%2F
desc:	Over3,000tipsforWindows,digitalcameras,andtheInternet.

title:	MarkSanborn.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marksanborn.net%2F
desc:	IncludeshowtosandguidesforLinux,PHP,Security,SEOandSoftware.

title:	MaximumPCguides 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maximumpcguides.com%2F
desc:	Containsarticlesfornetworking,viruses,spyware,securityandWindows.

title:	Online Computer Tips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onlinecomputertips.com%2F
desc:	ArticlesonPCtroubleshooting,networking,spyware,andWindows.

title:	Online Help 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onlinehelp-uk.com%2F
desc:	Containsarticlesaboutoperatingsystems,virusesandemail.

title:	Online Tech Tips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.online-tech-tips.com%2F
desc:	Tipsonpersonalandonlinecomputing.

title:	PCWorks Mailing List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orpheuscomputing.com%2FPCworks-computer-help-email-list.html
desc:	DedicatedtohelpingPCusersfindsolutionstocomputerandinternetrelatedproblems.

title:	ProExe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.resourceit.co.uk%2F
desc:	Includesaknowledgebaseorganisedintodifferentcategorieslikedomainnames,email,ftpandspam.

title:	Richweb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.richweb.net%2F
desc:	IncludesFlashtutorialsforcommoncomputerproblems.

title:	School Technician 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schooltechnician.co.uk%2F
desc:	Includesinformation,support,technicaltips,reviewsandsoftwareforpeoplewhoworkintheeducationsectorintheUnitedKingdom.

title:	Senior's Guide to Computers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seniorsguidetocomputers.com%2F
desc:	Includesstep-by-step,plainEnglishtutorialfortheWindowsPC.

title:	Simplehelp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.simplehelp.net%2F
desc:	Step-by-stepinstructionstotroubleshootcommonpersonalcomputerproblems.

title:	TACKtech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tacktech.com%2F
desc:	Includestips,tricks,tweaks,fixes,HowTo's,andtechnicalknowledgeforWindows,software,andregistry.

title:	TechiWarehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techiwarehouse.com%2F
desc:	IncludesA+certification,programming,ITsolutions,andsoftware.

title:	Technipages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technipages.com%2F
desc:	Technicalrelatedguides,articles,reviews,andstoriesfeaturingcomputerhelp,how-to's,andinformation.

title:	TechTarget 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techtarget.com%2F
desc:	Includestips,webcasts,andotheradviceinavarietyoffocusedenterprisetechnologychannels.

title:	TechTutor.tv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techtutor.tv%2F
desc:	IncludesvideotutorialsforAdobePhotoshop,Flash,AfterEffects,ExcelandAccess.

title:	Tip. Trick. Mod. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiptrickmod.com%2F
desc:	IncludeshacksandhelpfortheWeb,MacOSXandVista.

title:	Tutorial Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tutorialguide.net%2F
desc:	Tutorialsforoperatingsystems,mp3s,casemodding,networkingandsoftwareprogramslikeAdobePhotoshop.

title:	Tutorial Masters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tutorialmasters.com%2F
desc:	IncludesvideotutorialsforFlashandLinux.

title:	Tutorialized 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tutorialized.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryoftutorialsforsoftwareprogramssuchasMSExcelandMacromediaDreamweaver.

title:	Walt Howe's Internet Learning Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FFAQs%2C_Help%2C_and_Tutorials&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.walthowe.com%2F
desc:	Includesaglossaryofterms,historyandinformationfornavigatingtheweb.

title:	Advanced Storage Concepts, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtualscsi.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesanemulationlayerthatletsaWindowscomputerwithspecializedhardwareactasaSCSIhostdevice.

title:	Breakthrough Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.breakthroughsys.com%2F
desc:	Offersafullrangeoffundamentalcomponentssuchassemi-customtargetmodeandinitiatordriversforSCSI,iSCSI,SAS,SATA,andFibreChannelstack.

title:	IP-Over-SCSI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fw3.ualg.pt%2F%7Edubuf%2Fipscsi.html
desc:	ThepurposeofIPOverSCSIistoconnecttwoormorecomputerswithSCSIinterfacesusingtheIPprotocol.

title:	iSCSI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsearchstorage.techtarget.com%2Fdefinition%2FiSCSI
desc:	InternetSCSI.NewInternetProtocol(IP)-basedstoragenetworkingstandardforlinkingdatastoragefacilities,developedbytheIETF.DefinitionfromWhatis.

title:	The Linux SCSI (sg) Generic HOWTO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftldp.org%2FHOWTO%2FSCSI-Generic-HOWTO%2F
desc:	DescribestheSCSIGenericdriver(sg)foundintheLinux2.4productionseriesofkernels,focusingontheinterfaceandcharacteristicsofthedriverforapplicationwriters.

title:	On-Line Extraction of SCSI Disk Drive Parameters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hpl.hp.com%2Ftechreports%2F97%2FHPL-97-02.html
desc:	Thisreportdescribesasuiteofgeneral-purposetechniquesandalgorithmsforacquiringthenecessarydatafromSCSIdisksviatheANSI-standardinterface.(chooseadownloadformat)

title:	SCSI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwwwlehre.dhbw-stuttgart.de%2F%7Eschulte%2Fhtme%2Febuss12.htm
desc:	FromWolfgangSchulte'sSCSIinformationguide.

title:	SCSI Common Codes and Values 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.t10.org%2Flists%2F1spc-lst.htm
desc:	InformativesummariesforseveralofthemorecommonlyusedcodesandcodedvaluesareincludedasannexinformationintheSCSIPrimaryCommands-2(SPC-2)draftstandard.

title:	SCSI-3 Standards Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.t10.org%2Fscsi-3.htm
desc:	ChartreflectsthecurrentlyapprovedSCSI-3projectfamily.AllprojectsareinT10,exceptFibreChannelisinT11and1394isinIEEE.

title:	STA - The SCSI Trade Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scsita.org%2F
desc:	SmallComputerSystemInterface,anofficialindustrystandardfor12years.HelpseducateOEM's,resellersandITprofessionalsaboutSCSI,oneoftheindustry'smostwidelyadoptedI/Ointerfaces.AlsohelpsshapethefutureofSCSItoensureperformanceandcompatibility.

title:	T10 Home Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.t10.org%2F
desc:	ThetechnicalcommitteeoftheNationalCommitteeonInformationTechnologyStandards.NCITSisaccreditedby,andoperatesunderrulesthatareapprovedby,theAmericanNationalStandardsInstitute.

title:	Webopedia - SCSI Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebopedia.com%2FTERM%2FS%2FSCSI.html
desc:	Anonlineencyclopediaandsearchenginededicatedtocomputertechnology.

title:	What is SCSI? from Storage Search 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storagesearch.com%2Fscsiscsi.html
desc:	WrittenbyPerformanceTechnologies.

title:	1960s Slang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcougartown.com%2Fslang.html
desc:	Collectionofsomeslangwordsusedinthe1960's.

title:	Bar-None Drinking Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barnonedrinks.com%2Ftips%2Fdictionary%2F
desc:	Hundredsofdefinitionsforingredientsandtechniquesusedinmixingalcoholicbeverages.

title:	Cat Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.obliquity.com%2Fcats%2Fdiction.html
desc:	LynneMarieStockman'scollectionoftermsrelatingtocats.

title:	Compressed Air Glossary of Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.impactrm.com%2Fglossary%2F
desc:	Aglossaryoncompressedair.

title:	Dictionary of Financial Scam Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fraudaid.com%2FDictionary-of-Financial-Scam-Terms%2F
desc:	Aguidetofinancialtermsasdistortedbyconartiststodefraudvictims.

title:	Dictionary of Gambling 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dictionaryofgambling.com%2F
desc:	Termscoveringgambling,casinogames,andthesportsonwhichmoneyisbet.

title:	An Espresso Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coffeegeek.com%2Fopinions%2Fmarkprince%2F07-20-2004
desc:	Termsencounteredwhentalkingaboutorusingespressomachines.

title:	Fins' Aquarium Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffins.actwin.com%2Fglossary.php
desc:	Vocabularyrelatingtoaquariums.

title:	Glossary for the Modern Soap Maker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccnphawaii.com%2Fglossary.htm
desc:	Acollectionofsoapmakingterms,definitionsandacronyms.

title:	Glossary of Satellite TV and Internet Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dbsinstall.com%2FGlossary%2Fglossary.asp
desc:	IncludesproductdescriptionsandsatelliteTVinstallationphrases.

title:	GlossPost 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FGlossPost%2F
desc:	Glossaries'mailinglistfortranslators,interpreters,terminologistsandtechnicalwriters.

title:	Hiker's Lexicon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slackpacker.com%2Flexicon.html
desc:	Commonanduncommontechnicalterms,slang,abbreviationsandacronymsusedbyhikersandbackpackers.

title:	Jargon Scout 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tbtf.com%2Fjargon-scout.html
desc:	Trendyinternetjargon.Nolongerupdated;lastupdatewasJune2001.

title:	Natural History Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucmp.berkeley.edu%2Fglossary%2Fglossary.html
desc:	Glossaryoftermsusedbypracticingbiologistsandpaleontologistsinvariousfields.

title:	NumisMedia Glossary of Numismatic Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.numismedia.com%2Fglossary.htm
desc:	Over500termsandtheirdefinitions.

title:	Oil Analysis, Lubrication and Filtration Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.noria.com%2Fdictionary.html
desc:	Online,searchablecollectionoflubricationandoilanalysisterminology.

title:	PCGS Coin Collecting Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcgs.com%2Flingo.chtml
desc:	Termsandslangoftherarecoinmarket.

title:	Perfumery   Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fperfumes.net%2Fperfumes%2Fglossary.html
desc:	Collectionoftermsforfragrances,cosmetics,andtheiringredients.

title:	Pueblo Pottery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipl.org%2Fdiv%2Fpottery%2Fglossary.htm
desc:	GlossaryofPueblo-specificandgeneralrelatedpotteryvocabulary.

title:	Sex-Lexis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sex-lexis.com%2F
desc:	Dictionaryofsexualtermsandexpressionsanddictionaryofthe"F"word,withquotes,synonyms,andcross-references.

title:	Silicon Valley Slang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siliconvalleyslang.com%2F
desc:	TechnicaltermsandexpressionscommonlyusedinSiliconValley.

title:	Skeptic's Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skepdic.com%2F
desc:	Skepticaldefinitionsandessaysonoccult,paranormal,supernaturalandpseudoscientificideasandpractices.

title:	Speleological and Caving Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.mira.net%2F%7Egnb%2Fcaving%2Fglossary%2FS.html
desc:	AustralianSpeleologicalFederationglossaryofspeleologicalandcavingtermswithreferencestorelatedliterature.

title:	Super Gigantic Y2K Winegrape Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wineloverspage.com%2Fwineguest%2Fwgg.html
desc:	Cross-referencedglossaryofwinegrapevarieties.

title:	The Superhero Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fshdictionary.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Eachentrycomparesasuperhero'snamewithitsreallifemeaningandincludescomparisonpicturesandpronunciations.

title:	Technical Services Department Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyu.edu%2Flibrary%2Fresources%2Ftsd%2Fglossary.html
desc:	Library-relatedtermsandjargon.BasedonglossarycreatedfortheCornellUniversityLibraries,withtermsanddefinitionsborrowedfromtheAnglo-Americancataloguingrulesandothersources.

title:	Terminology Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Flipas.uwasa.fi%2Fcomm%2Ftermino%2Fcollect%2F
desc:	MultilingualglossariesforspecializedfieldsfromtheUniversityofVaasa,Finland.

title:	Travel Industry Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hometravelagency.com%2Fdictionary%2F
desc:	PresentedbytheHome-BasedTravelAgentResourceCenter.Over4,000entries:industryterms,jargon,abbreviations,acronyms,andslangusedbyagents,suppliers,andprofessionals.

title:	Universal Switching's Glossary of Electronic Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uswi.com%2Fglosmain.htm
desc:	Availableinhtmlorpdfformats.

title:	Whisky glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FBy_Subject&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dcs.ed.ac.uk%2Fhome%2Fjhb%2Fwhisky%2Fglossary.html
desc:	Smallglossaryofwhiskyandgeneraldistillingtermswithdiagrams.

title:	Adiscon WinSyslog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.winsyslog.com%2Fen%2F
desc:	SyslogdaemonforWindows2000through2012.CanwritetoflatASCIIfiles,OBDCdatabasesandNTeventlog.SupportsRFC3164andRFC3195.

title:	AutoMate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.networkautomation.com%2Fautomate%2F
desc:	SystemautomationsoftwareforWindows.Automatecanwatchserversandworkstationsforavarietyofeventsandrespondwithavisuallydesigned,automatedtask.

title:	BMC Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmc.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesITservicemanagement(ITSM)consultingservices,includingdatacenterautomationwithcentralizedprovisioning,policy-basedconfigurationmanagement,andautomatedcompliance.

title:	Castle Rock Computing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.castlerock.com%2F
desc:	Windowsbaseddistributedmanagementsoftware.MonitorandmanageSNMPagents,WEB,Email,FTP,andothernetworkservices.

title:	Check The Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.checkthenetwork.com%2F
desc:	Offersservicesfornetworkdiagramminganddocumentationwriting.MakesIP-basedadd-onsforExcel,supportingping,nslookup,TCPportscanning,andSSLcertificatechecking.

title:	Cisco Prime LMS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cisco.com%2Fgo%2Flms
desc:	Cisco'send-to-endnetworkmonitoringandmanagementsuite.

title:	CorreLog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.correlog.com%2F
desc:	LogmanagementandsecuritycorrelationserversuitewithWeb-basedsystemmessageaggregation.UsesSNMPandSyslog.

title:	Cricket 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcricket.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	Anopen-sourcemulti-routertrafficgrapher(MRTG)withtime-seriestrendmonitoring.Includesboththecollectingandthegraphingcomponent.

title:	DMH Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdmhsoftware.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesOEMsoftwareforIPandwebenvironments,includingSNMPagents.

title:	Dorado Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doradosoftware.com%2F
desc:	NetworkmanagementplatformincludesFCAPS,provisioning,policymanagementandelementmanagementforawiderangeofnetworkcomponentsandend-userequipment.

title:	EMCO Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Femcosoftware.com%2F
desc:	Offerstoolsforremotepower-management,remoteaudit,remoteregistryedit,wake-on-LAN,malwaredetection,andagentlesssoftware/hardwareinventory.

title:	FlowTraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flowtraq.com%2F
desc:	Anetworkflowanalyzer,offeringmonitoring,anomalydetection,andforensicanalysis.IncludesatoolforNetFlowexporting.

title:	GenieNRM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genienrm.com%2F
desc:	ChinesecompanythatprovidesintegratedInternetNetworkResourceManagementApplicationsServicestocustomerswithlocalandglobalview.

title:	IBM Tivoli NetView 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-03.ibm.com%2Fsoftware%2Fproducts%2Fen%2Ftivoli-netview-zos
desc:	NetViewdiscoversTCP/IPnetworks,displaysnetworktopologies,correlatesandmanageseventsandSNMPtraps,monitorsnetworkhealth,andgathersperformancedata.

title:	iftop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ex-parrot.com%2F%7Epdw%2Fiftop%2F
desc:	Listenstonetworktrafficonanamedinterfaceanddisplaysatableofcurrentbandwidthusagebypairsofhosts.Requireslibpcapandlibcurses.

title:	IGlass Networks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iglass.net%2F
desc:	ProvidesamonitoringserviceplatformforWebservers,networks,applications,processes,anddatabases(localorcloud).Handlesallconfiguration,administration,customization,andongoingmonitoringandmaintenance.

title:	Incognito 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.incognito.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesprovisioningforDOCSIS,PacketCable,SIP,TR-069,serviceactivation,networkanalytics,DNS,andIPAMforserviceproviders.

title:	Intelliscribe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intelliscribe.net%2F
desc:	Expandsyourstandardwindowsprintingcapabilities.Thisnetworkprintingsolutionisapc-basedtcp/ipprintclientforwindowsplatforms.

title:	InterMapper 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helpsystems.com%2Fintermapper
desc:	InterMapperisanearly-warningsystemthatalertsanadministratortoproblemswiththeirnetworkserversandIPandAppleTalknetworks.

title:	Kaseya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kaseya.com%2F
desc:	Providesdistributednetworkmonitoringandmanagementsoftwareandservices,includingsupportforperformancemonitoringandapplicationmonitoring.

title:	Kiwi Syslog Daemon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiwisyslog.com%2F
desc:	WindowsSyslogDaemon:receives,filters,logs,displaysandforwardsSyslogmessagesandSNMPtraps.Freewareandserviceversionsavailable.

title:	Kratos Networks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kratosnetworks.com%2F
desc:	Offerssolutionsforend-to-endLANandWANperformancemonitoring,includingserver,remote-site,andapplicationmanagement.Supportsserial,TL-1,TBOS,discreteIO,SNMP,andautomatedredundancy.

title:	Lan-Secure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lan-secure.com%2F
desc:	ToolsforSNMPandSyslogbasednetworkmonitoring,networkaccesscontrol(NAC),datalossprevention(DLP),assetinventory,andconfigurationmanagement.

title:	LBNL's Network Research Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fee.lbl.gov%2F
desc:	Sourcefortcpdump,libpcap,andtraceroute.

title:	Logalyze 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.logalyze.com%2F
desc:	Collects,analyzes,andreportslogdata.Includesbuilt-instatistics,supportstemplates,andperformscorrelation.ExportsinCSV,XLS,PDForHTML.HostsaSOAP-basedAPI.

title:	LogZilla 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.logzilla.net%2F
desc:	SyslogandSNMPeventviewerservicesandsoftwareforcentralizednetworkeventandproblemmanagement.Supportssuspiciousbehaviordetection,forensicanalysis,andcorrelation.

title:	ManageEngine: OpStor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.manageengine.com%2Fproducts%2Fopstor%2F
desc:	Storagedevicemonitoringsolutionforfabricswitches,storagearrays,tapelibraries,hosts,andHBAs.

title:	ACH Processing Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.achprocessing.com%2F
desc:	ProvideselectronicbankingservicesthroughtheFederalReserveBankingSystem.

title:	CheckFree Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.checkfree.com%2F
desc:	Provideroffinancialelectroniccommerceservices.

title:	CHIPS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chips.org%2F
desc:	Electronicsystemthathandlesmonetarypaymentsmovingbetweencountriesaroundtheworld.

title:	EcoCard Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecocard.com%2F
desc:	Avirtualcardforonlinepayments.

title:	FreedomPay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freedompay.com%2F
desc:	Cloud-basedtransactionplatformthatincludesmobilepayments,incentives,creditcardprocessingandgatewayservices,PCIsecuritytoolsandcashlesspaymentsystem.

title:	Fundtech Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fundtech.com%2F
desc:	Designs,develops,markets,andsupportsclient/serverproductsforelectronicpayments.(Nasdaq:FNDT).

title:	HyperWallet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyperwallet.com%2F
desc:	Offersonline,globalandmobilepaymentsolutions,internationalpaymentdistributionandmulti-currencytransactionprocessingservices.

title:	Mrtg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Foss.oetiker.ch%2Fmrtg%2F
desc:	Atooltomonitorthetrafficloadonnetwork-links.RawdatacollectedviaSNMP.

title:	MTR Network Management Tool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitwizard.nl%2Fmtr%2F
desc:	Combinestracerouteandpingintoasinglenetworkdiagnostictool.

title:	MyLG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmylg.io%2F
desc:	Opensourcesoftwareutilitywhichcombinesthefunctionsofthedifferentnetworkprobesinonenetworkdiagnostictool.[MacOS/BSD/Linux]

title:	NetIQ AppManager Suite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netiq.com%2F
desc:	forcentrallymonitoringtheperformanceandavailabilityofdistributedWindowsNTsystemsandserverapplicationssuchasMicrosoftExchange,SQLServer,IIS,LotusDomino,CitrixWinFrame/MetaFrameandOracle.

title:	Netperf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netperf.org%2Fnetperf%2FNetperfPage.html
desc:	Benchmarktoolthatcanbeusedtomeasuretheperformanceofmanydifferenttypesofnetworking

title:	netPrefect 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netprefect.com%2F
desc:	Agent-basedoragentlessnetworkandsystemsmanagementproductprovidinginandoutofbandmanagementwithfaulttoleranceandfullaudittrail.

title:	NetScanTools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netscantools.com%2F
desc:	Offersutilitiesfornetwork/portscanning,visualnetstat,packetcrafting,traceroute,whois,routingtablemanagement,IPv4deviceconnectivitymonitoring,andswitchportmapping.

title:	Moneybookers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moneybookers.com%2F
desc:	AserviceforindividualsandmerchantstosendandreceivemoneyonlineusinganE-mailaddressorpaymentbuttons.

title:	New England ACH Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neach.org%2F
desc:	Promotesuseandunderstandingofelectronicpayments,specificallytheACH.

title:	PayPal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paypal.com%2F
desc:	Onlinepaymentserviceforindividualsandmerchants.Allowsuserstosendmoneyandbillstoanyonewithe-mail.

title:	Paypal Warning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paypalwarning.com%2F
desc:	WarnsPayPalusersoftheirservicepolicies.CollectsandpublishescomplaintsaboutPaypal.

title:	Praxell 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FBanking_Services%2FElectronic_Cash&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.praxell.com%2F
desc:	Secure,IP-basedstoredvalueplatformenablestwoormorepartiestotransactbusinessovertheInternet.

title:	NetVidi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netenv.com%2F
desc:	Managementsuitehavingnodediscoverywithautomatedvisualdiagramming,customtaskcreation,devicemonitoring,compliancereporting,andaSyslogserver.

title:	Network Management Information System (NMIS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=https%3A%2F%2Fopmantek.com%2Fnetwork-management-system-nmis%2F
desc:	Publicdomainnetworkmanagementtoolwhichprovidesfaultandperformancemanagement.

title:	NetworkActiv Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.networkactiv.com%2F
desc:	Offerstoolsfortrafficmonitoring,subnetscanning,reversetunneling,andTCP/UDPportforwardingwithSNMPtraprelay.

title:	NetworkHero 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.networkhero.com%2F
desc:	Offersamanagedservicesplatformhandlingpatches,endpointsecurity,remotedesktop,andsystemresources.Providesoffsitenetworksupport.

title:	Newt Professional 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.komodolabs.com%2Fnewtpro.shtml
desc:	Agent-basednetworkinventoryscanner.Scansbydomain,workgroup,orIPaddressrange.Monitorsvarioushardwareandsoftwarestats.Supportsdatabaseexportofresults.

title:	Ntop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntop.org%2F
desc:	AUnixtoolthatshowsthenetworkusage,similartowhatthepopulartopUnixcommanddoes.

title:	OmniPeek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.savvius.com%2Fproducts%2Fnetwork_monitoring
desc:	CommercialnetworkmonitorsandanalyzersforMacandWindows.

title:	Linux Mobile System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Flinuxmobile.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	AfullLinuxsystemwhosesupportisthenewUSBFlashMemoryDrives.

title:	Operax AB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.operax.com%2F
desc:	AcompanywhichprovidesefficientQoSproductsforIPnetworks.

title:	Oracle Enterprise Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oracle.com%2Fus%2Fproducts%2Fenterprise-manager%2F
desc:	Solutionsforclouds,databases,hardware,applications,andvirtualization.

title:	Otter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caida.org%2Ftools%2Fvisualization%2Fotter%2F
desc:	OtterisaCAIDAtoolforvisualizingarbitrarynetworkdatathatcanbeexpressedasasetofnodes,linksorpaths.

title:	Remote Print Manager LPD Server 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.remoteprintmanager.net%2F
desc:	NetworkmanagementforMainframetoPCprintinganddesktopprinting.ManageTCP/IP,network,andremoteprinting.

title:	rsyslog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rsyslog.com%2F
desc:	Open-sourcereplacementforsyslogd,supportingTCP,SSL,TLS,andRELPwhileinterfacingwithMySQL,PostgreSQL,andOracle.

title:	Snapt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.snapt.net%2F
desc:	DevelopsWeb-focusedapplicationdeliverysoftware.Includesloadbalancing,acceleration,andoffloading,withaprimaryfocusone-commerce.

title:	SnmpSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.snmpsoft.com%2F
desc:	Produceslogmonitoringsoftware,includingaWindows-basedSyslogserver,anevent-log-to-Syslogconverter,andSNMPtools.

title:	Tavve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tavve.com%2F
desc:	Solutionsforfaultmanagement,rootcauseanalysis,eventcorrelation,networktopologymap-buildingandcustomization,performancereporting,troubleshooting,anddistributednetworkmanagement.

title:	Linux USB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linux-usb.org%2F
desc:	HomefortheLinuxUSBProject.

title:	Linux USB Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Flinuxusbguide.sourceforge.net%2FUSB-guide-1.0.9%2Fbook1.html
desc:	Document,draftofguidetousing,developingUSBsubsystemunderLinux.

title:	Linux-USB Project on Sourceforge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Flinux-usb%2F
desc:	SourceForgeprojectsiteforLinux-USB.

title:	USB HOWTO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linux-usb.org%2FUSB-guide%2Fbook1.html
desc:	HowtogetUSBdevicestoworkunderLinux.

title:	USBView 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support%2FUSB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kroah.com%2Flinux-usb%2F
desc:	AdownloadforLinuxusersthatdisplaysthetopographyoftheattachedUSBdevice.

title:	Tek-Tips: Network Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tek-tips.com%2Fthreadminder.cfm%3Fpid%3D23
desc:	Technicalsupportforumsandmutualhelpsystemforcomputerprofessionals.Sellingandrecruitingforbidden.

title:	Trogon Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trogonsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Appsforagentlessnetworkinventory,IPandMACaddressscanning,andODBCdatabasemonitoring.

title:	TrustWave DLP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww3.trustwave.com%2Fdata-loss-prevention%2Fdlp-overview.php
desc:	Softwaretomonitorthecontentofnetworkactivity,blockingandreportingtomanagementpossibleunauthorizedaccessto,ortransferof,sensitivedata,suchasintellectualproperty.

title:	WebNMS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webnms.com%2F
desc:	Carrier-classmanagementframeworkandSNMPlibrarysupportingtopologymapping,faulthandling,andnetworkprovisioning.Providesperformanceandsecuritypolicymanagement,inadditiontonetworksimulation.

title:	Zenoss 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FInternet%2FNetwork_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zenoss.com%2Fsolution%2Fnetwork
desc:	Offersserver,network,andapplicationmonitoringsoftwareandservicessupportingCisco,Juniper,BrocadeSANSwitches,Brocade(Foundry)IPSwitches,CheckPoint,CitrixNetScaler,F5,andNortel.

title:	AccuCode Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accucode.com%2F
desc:	Fullserviceintegratorofdatacollectionanddatamanagementtechnologyandsystems.

title:	Advanced Interactive Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.databusiness.com%2F
desc:	BusinessaccountingsoftwareandautomatedelectronicUPScertifiedshippingsystem.

title:	Advantage Information Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rightertrack.com%2Fsoftware.htm
desc:	AIPisasupplierofbarcode,label,andtrackingsoftware.

title:	AirClic Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airclic.com%2F
desc:	Providesenablingsoftwareandscanningdevicestofacilitatethedeploymentofeasytousemobilebarcodeandnumberbasedconsumerandenterpriseapplicationsglobally.

title:	All My Papers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allmypapers.com%2F
desc:	Softwareproducts,datasheetsandwhitepapersusedincapturingdatafromscannedimages.Technologiesincludebarcodereading,MICRreading,imageprocessingandTWAINscannercontrol.

title:	Aurora Barcode Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aurorabarcode.com%2F
desc:	Completesystemsandsolutionsusingbarcodetechnologyformostanyapplication.Offersscanners,printers,labels,andsoftware.

title:	Bar Code Graphics, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcode-us.com%2F
desc:	Assistingothercompanieswithgettinghighqualitybarcodesymbolsontheirproductsandshipments.

title:	Barcode Basics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodebasics.com%2F
desc:	Barcodescanners,readers,printers,andotherrelatedequipment.

title:	Barcode Server 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.milk.com%2Fbarcode%2F
desc:	Aserverthatgeneratesbarcodeimagesuponrequest.Sourcecodeavailable.

title:	Barcode Service, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodeserv.com%2F
desc:	Siteoffersbarcodeverificationproducts.

title:	Barcodemill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodemill.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersbarcodesonWebpagesfore-commerceandsimilarapplications.Webdesignerscancreateauniquebarcodeonthepagetoidentifytheuser.Compatiblewithallbrowsers.

title:	Barcodereaders.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodereaders.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturearangeofbarcodereadersforeitherMacorPC.Alsomanufacturecreditcardreaders,barcodingandbusinesssoftwareallatcompetitiveprices.UK

title:	Barcodes For Business 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodesforbusiness.co.uk%2F
desc:	Suppliesarangeofbarcodeproductsincludingbarcodeandlabelprinters,PClinkedscanners,mobilebarcodescannersandlabellingsoftware.

title:	Barcoding Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcoding.com%2F
desc:	Asupplierandservicecompanydealingwithbothsoftwareandhardwareforbarcoding,rfidandwirelesssystems.

title:	Barcoding Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.codered.co.uk%2F
desc:	Suppliersofbarcodingandlabellingsystemstotheresellerandsystemsintegratormarket.

title:	BarControl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcontrol.com%2F
desc:	Offerinventorysoftwareenablingcustomerstomanage,control,andreviewinventorylevelsinrealtimeinasinglefacilityoracrossanenterprise.

title:	Barns N Stripes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barsnstripes.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftware,hardwareandservicesrelatingtobarcodes,includinglabelsoftware,scanners,specifications,checksumcalculators,andanindustrysearchengine.

title:	Beechman and Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beechman-direct.com%2Fdlsoft.htm
desc:	Barcodefonts,imagesoftware,labelling,hardware,pointofsalesoftware,andstockcontrolsoftware.

title:	Birger Rauh Systemtechnik 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brs-online.de%2F
desc:	OffersSAPR/3BarcodeSoftware.Thesoftwaresolutionprintsbarcodesonanyprintertypewithoutextrahardware.SoftwareworkswithanySAPR/3Release.GermanSite.

title:	Blue Jay Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bluejaydata.com%2F
desc:	Offerscustomdatacollectionsolutionsformunicipalitiesandgovernmentagencies.

title:	BMI Systems Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmisys.com%2F
desc:	SpecializeintheimplementationofassetorinventorytrackingandphotoIDsystems.Barcodehardware,software,equipment,suppliesandservices.

title:	CIM Concepts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcim-rf.com%2F
desc:	Providingbarcodingsoftware,certifiedSAPinterface,andenterprisemobilecomputingsolutions.

title:	Cobra Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cobrasystems.com%2F
desc:	Distributesbarcode/labelprinters,labelingsoftware,service,andbarcodingsupplies.

title:	ComputerWise 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computerwise.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofon-lineshopfloorbarcodedatacollectionequipment,softwareandsystemsusingbothserialmultidropnetworkingaswellasEthernetforreal-timeconnectiontothecorporateLAN.

title:	ConnectVia Solutions, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.connectvia.com%2F
desc:	SystemsIntegratorofwirelessterminalsandallprofessionalservicesrequiredtoinstall,implement,train,andsupportturnkeysolutions.Scanners,terminalsandPensystems:BarCodesoftware.

title:	The Culver Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theculvergroup.com%2F
desc:	BarcodedatacollectionsystemsforgovernmentandindustryfeaturingturnkeyhardwareandsoftwarefromWelchAllyn,HandHeldProducts,Intermec,andSymbol.

title:	Current Directions, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.currentdirections.com%2F
desc:	Informationaboutbar-code,otherautomaticdatacollectionandindustrialcontrolproductsandservices.

title:	Custom PC Programming 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.custompcprogramming.com%2F
desc:	Offeringbarcodesoftware,barcodelabelprintingandcustomPCcomputerprogramming.

title:	CYBRA Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cybra.com%2F
desc:	OffersMarkMagic/400barcodelabelsoftwarefortheAS/400andi-Seriesservers.

title:	Data ID Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dataid.com%2F
desc:	Offeringanarrayofintegratedbar-codereaders,printersandsoftware.Thesecanbeintegratedwithcommunicationstoidentify,monitorandtrackfarmorethanjuststock.

title:	Data Support, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodebook.com%2F
desc:	Barcodelabelsandprinters,assettracking,inventorytrackingcompletewithsoftwareapplications.

title:	Data Systems International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.dsiglobal.com%2Fplatform-technology%2Fprint-solutions%2Flabeling%2F
desc:	DevelopsandmarketsbarcodesoftwareforLinux,Unix,Windowsoperatingenvironmentsandtheweb.

title:	Data-ware Barcode Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.data-ware.co.uk%2F
desc:	Barcodescanners,readers,printersandlabelsystemslinkedtoanonlinecatalogueofbarcodesolutions.

title:	Databar Bar Code Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.databar.com.au%2F
desc:	Companydistributesbarcodescanners,readersandsoftwareforuseinlibraries,retailandcommercialapplications.

title:	Datalogic SpA (Italy) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.datalogic.com%2F
desc:	Europeanmanufacturerofbarcodereadersandportabledatacollectionterminals.Onlineproductdatasheetsandcasehistories.

title:	DataMAX Software Group, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rfgen.com%2F
desc:	RFgenBarcodeDataCollectionallowsuserstointegratebarcodescannerswiththeircurrentdatabaseandinventorymanagementsoftware.

title:	Diamond Scan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diamondscan.com%2F
desc:	Completewindowspointofsalesoftwarefortouchscreencomputersystemsingrocerystoresandgasstations.Fuelcontrolandpayatthepumpfeatures.

title:	dLSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dlsoft.com%2F
desc:	Barcodefonts,macros,imagecreatorsanddeveloperskitsforWindowssoftware.Testwareversionsofallproductsavailablefromthesite,includinglabellingprogramsandbarcode-enableddatabases.

title:	DSX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dsxtech.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofActiveX,Win32DLL,andJavaBeantoolsforbarcodesolutions.

title:	E-BIZCO.COM GmbH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-bizco.com%2F
desc:	GermancompanyoffersabarcodeDLLforintegrationintoWindowsapplications.

title:	Euro Plus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europlus.si%2F
desc:	SoftwarehousespecialisedintheareaoftheAutomaticIdentification.DeveloperoftheNICELabel-Theprofessionalbarcodelabelingsoftware,andthermaltransferprinterWindowsdriversformostmajorthermalprinters.

title:	Fath Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fathsoft.com%2F
desc:	CompanysellsBarcodeXActiveXcomponentcapableofproducingalmosteveryindustrialbarcodetype.

title:	Flexible Information Systems Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.labelvision.com%2F
desc:	MakersofLabelVisionapowerfulbarcodelabeldesignandprintingsoftware.

title:	Flexisale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flexisale.net%2F
desc:	OffersaPOSApplicationusedforRetail,FastFood,Rental,Restaurantsapplications.RunsonWindowsPC.Demoavailable.

title:	Freefloat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freefloat.com%2F
desc:	SpecialiseinmobilesolutionsforautomaticdatacaptureforoperatingsystemsincludingWindows2000/XP,WindowsCE.NetandPocketPC.

title:	HDF Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hdf.com.pl%2F
desc:	PolishfirmoffersbarcodeActiveXcontrolsfor1-Dimensionaland2-Dcodes,andapplicationsforgeneratingbarcodes.

title:	How Stuff Works: Universal Product Code (UPC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2Fupc.htm
desc:	InformativetutorialhelpsyouunderstandUPCbarcodesusedonjustabouteverythingyoubuy,includinghowtodecodetheactualbars.

title:	Image Computer Systems Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.image-cs.co.uk%2F
desc:	Supplierofsoftwaretodesignandprintin-storeSEL,ticketsandsigns.IntegrationwithexistingEPoSsystem.

title:	Inlite Research, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inliteresearch.com%2F
desc:	Barcoderecognitionsolutions,andimageprocessingsoftware.Companyprofile,overviewofproductsandservices.

title:	Innovative Programming Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipsdev.com%2F
desc:	AutomotivescanningsolutionsforbothyourPartsDepartmentandVehicles.

title:	Instant Data Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.instantdatasystems.com%2F
desc:	IDSprovidesbarcodedatacollectionhardware,software,datacollectionconsultingandsystemimplementations.

title:	Integrated Software Design, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isdweb.com%2F
desc:	Developerofbarcodelabelingsoftware,enterprise-widebarcodingsolutionsandbarcodefonts.Alsoprovidescompliancesystemdesignconsultingandimplementationservices.

title:	Intellitrack 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intellitrack.net%2F
desc:	Out-of-the-box,customizablewarehousemanagementandassettrackingsuite.

title:	International Barcode, Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internationalbarcode.com%2F
desc:	Companyprovidesasourceofinformationonbarcode-relatedsoftware,hardwareandconsumablesonline.IncludesBarcodescannersandprinters.

title:	Internet Barcode Implementation FAQ and Tutorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idautomation.com%2Finternet-barcode-faq.html
desc:	Discussesscreenresolutions,advantagesanddisadvantagesofvariousimplementations,andthereadingofbarcodesviawebapplications.

title:	Jadak Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jadaktech.com%2F
desc:	NewYorkareaengineeringcompanyprovidesauto-idsystemsdesignandintegration.

title:	Java4Less 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.java4less.com%2F
desc:	Offers1dand2dbarcodegenerationsoftwarethatsupportsvariousstandards.Alsoofferabarcodereadingproductthatprocessesscannedbarcodeimagesincommongraphicsformats.[Java]

title:	Lead Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leadtools.com%2FSDK%2Fdocument%2Fdocument-Addon-barcode.htm
desc:	BarcodemodulesallowyoutoreadandwriteLinear,CodeOneandPDF417barcodeswithsupportfor18differentsub-types.

title:	Liberty Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liberty-sys.com%2F
desc:	Companyoffersexpansiveproductlineofnewandrefurbisheddatacollectionproductsincludingterminals,software,printersandwirelessnetworks.

title:	Loftware Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loftware.com%2F
desc:	ClientandserverbasedBarcodelabelingandprintingsolutionsforRP/MRPII/WMS.

title:	Measurement Equipment Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mecsw.com%2F
desc:	Offersproductsforcreating,printing,andusingbarcodes,includingbooks,fonts,RAM-residentsoftware,functionlibrariesandprogramsforcreatingartwork.

title:	Morovia Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmorovia.com%2F
desc:	Barcodeutilities,andbarcodecomponents.Softwaredescriptions,Companyprofile,learningcenter,anddownload.

title:	MW6 Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mw6tech.com%2F
desc:	CanadiancompanyoffersbarcodeActiveXsolutions.

title:	Nutech Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nutechsystems.com%2F
desc:	OffersbarcodedatacollectionproductsthatrunoneitheriSeries/400orWindowsplatforms.FeaturesManufacturingInventory,WarehouseManagement,TransactionManager,JobReporting,andTimeandAttendancemodules.

title:	Opal Technology Brokerage Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opaltechnology.com%2F
desc:	Theybuyandsellnewandusedbarcodeequipment.mostlySymbolandTelxon.

title:	Panatrack Systems and Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.panatrack.com%2F
desc:	offersdata-collectionandtrackingsolutionsfeaturingbarcodeandRFIDtechnology.

title:	Pick to Light Fulfillment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lightningpick.com%2F
desc:	Siteoffersapicktolightorderfulfillmentsystem.Improvesspeedandaccuracyoforderprocessing.

title:	Portable Technology Solutions. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ptshome.com%2F
desc:	PTSbarcodeenableddatacollectionsoftware,andbarcodekits.Includesassetmanagement,routeaccounting,sales,maintenance,andinspection.

title:	Postage Saver Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsavepostage.com%2Fbarfont.html
desc:	Lowcostsoftwareandresourcesforpostalbulkmail.Includespostnetbarcodefont,bulkmailpreparationtutorials,softwareforbarcodingandsortingpostalbulkmail.

title:	Premier Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.premierelectronics.com%2F
desc:	Specializinginbarcodedatacollection,scanners,printers,software,batchandRFterminals.

title:	Premier Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.premier-solutions.co.uk%2F
desc:	Specialiseintheprovisionofbarcodeanddatacollectionsystems.

title:	Progressive Microtechnology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scanpmi.com%2F
desc:	Barcodesoftware,printersandsupplies.IncludeslabelingsoftwareforWindowsandotheroperatingsystems.

title:	Psoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psoft.sk%2F
desc:	BarcodecomponentsforBorlandDelphi,C++Builder.Supportformorethan40barcodesymbologies(linear,stacked,matrix),supportedreporttools:directdrawontheTCanvas,ACEreporter,QuickReport,ReportBuilder,FastReport,RaveReport.

title:	Raco Industries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racoindustries.com%2F
desc:	Offers,pricemarkinglabelerguns,point-of-saleproducts,labelingsoftware,tagattachers,labels,suppliesandaccessoriesfromnamebrandmanufacturers.

title:	Rivers Edge Corp. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.riversedge.com%2F
desc:	Barcodefonts,readersandbarcodescannersforWindows,Macintosh,Unix,Linux,PCL,DOSandAFP.

title:	ROSISTEM.ro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rosistem.ro%2F
desc:	Integratorofbarcodedatacollection,mobilesystems,accesscontrolsystemsandbiometricsidentificationsystems.LocatedinBucharest.

title:	RVB Systems Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcode-solutions.com%2F
desc:	Turn-keybarcodelabelingandscanningsystems,discountequipment,softwareandsupplies.

title:	Scanalyst Verification Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scanalyst.com%2F
desc:	VerificationsoftwarechecksbarcodesforANSIandlabelingconformance.

title:	ScanTexas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scantexas.com%2F
desc:	Companyspecializesinthedesignandimplementationofdatacollectionandwarehousemanagementtechnologies.

title:	Seagull Scientific 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seagullscientific.com%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonlabelprintingsoftware,labeldesignsoftware,barcodesoftwareortrueWindowsprinterdrivers.

title:	Sound Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soundsoftware.us%2F
desc:	ABarCodePackagefortheIBMMainframemakesiteasytoprintbarcodeddocumentsfromtheMainframeonhundredsofprinters.

title:	Stratix Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stratixcorp.com%2F
desc:	Offersbarcodeverifiers,warehousemanagementsystems,scanners,pre-printedlabels,andprintingequipment.

title:	System ID Warehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.systemid.com%2F
desc:	Offersbarcodescannersandotherinventorycontrolequipmentincludingbarcodeprinters,hardware,software,labels,suppliesandservices.Alsooffersbarcodereferencematerials.Afreeprintedcatalog.

title:	TAL Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freebarcodes.com%2F
desc:	Createbarcodeimagesonlineforfree.Simplyselectyourpropertiesandclick.ProjectwasdevelopedtodemonstrateTALtech'sActiveXControldemoisavailablefordownloadatsite.

title:	Technoriver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technoriversoft.com%2F
desc:	Singaporecompanyoffersbarcodelabelingsoftwareandcomponentsforindustrialandbusinessapplications.Downloaddemoorpurchaseonline.

title:	Teklynx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teklynx.com%2F
desc:	Offerslabeldesign,ERPandhostconnectivity,andRFIDtagprogrammingsoftware.Alsooffersprinterdriversandsoftwaresamples.

title:	Trekassociates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trekassociates.com%2F
desc:	BarCodereaders,portables,terminals,printers,radiofrequencynetworks,autoapplicators,scannersfixed/handheldandRF,printingsoftware.FreeFedExshipping.

title:	Triskelion Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.triskelion-ltd.com%2Fpostnetj.html
desc:	OffersonlinePostNetdecodingsoftwarewritteninJavaScriptwithinstructionsandFAQ.

title:	UPC Database lookup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cproductinfo.com%2F
desc:	OfferslookupUPCcodes.

title:	UScan Bar Code Scanning System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Fuscan%2F
desc:	Universalbarcodescansystemforonlinepurchasesandinformation.

title:	Visuascan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visuascan.com%2F
desc:	Barcodeandproductidentificationspecialistsprovidingcustominformationmanagementsolutionstofityourpersonalneeds.Canada.

title:	Wasp Bar Code 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waspbarcode.com%2F
desc:	Professionalbarcodesoftwareandhardwaresolutionsincludingcompletekits,barcodefonts,labelsoftware,scanners,printersanddevelopertoolkits.

title:	Z-Space Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.z-space.com%2F
desc:	Offerscustomandoff-the-shelfbarcode,inventorycontrol,portabledatacollection,anddatabasesolutions.

title:	Zoner Barcode Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zoner.com%2Fbarcode-studio
desc:	Abarcodingprogramthatcreates,exports,imports,printsandarchives17barcodetypes.

title:	Extreme Protocol Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI%2FTest_Equipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.extremeprotocol.com%2F
desc:	Develops,manufactures,andmarketssoftwareandhardwaresolutionstotestSCSIperipherals.

title:	FuturePlus Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FHardware%2FBuses%2FSCSI%2FTest_Equipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.futureplus.com%2F
desc:	SellsbusanalysistoolswhichincludeanelectricalandmechanicalconnectionfromacomputerbustoanAgilentlogicanalyzerwhichthenallowsstate,timing,andperformanceanalysis.

title:	AGARD Aeronautical Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.rta.nato.int%2FPubFulltext%2FAGARD%2FMisc%2FAGARD-Misc-MAD%2F
desc:	BytheNATOResearchandTechnologyOrganisation(RTO),AdvisoryGroupforAerospaceResearchandDevelopment(AGARD),1980.Over17,000terms.Dutch,English,French,German,Greek,Italian,Portuguese,Russian,Spanish,Turkish.

title:	Agrothesaurus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agroweb.bf.uni-lj.si%2Fgeslovnik.htm
desc:	Typologyoffloraandfaunabyanimalclassandbybotanicalfamily,cropgrouporplanttype.Latin,Slovenian,English.

title:	Anvilfire Blacksmithing and Metalworking Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anvilfire.com%2FFAQs%2Fglos_faq_trans_index.htm
desc:	Single-pagedocumentbyJockDempsey,andvolunteercontributors.English,French,German,Italian,Spanish,Swedish.

title:	Apple Mac OS International Glossaries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.apple.com%2Fdeveloper%2FTool_Chest%2FLocalization_Tools%2FApple_Intl_Glossaries%2F
desc:	Localizedtermsandphrases.Englishto/fromArabic,Portuguese,Bulgarian,Catalan,Chinese,Croatian,Czech,Danish,Dutch,Finnish,French,German,Greek,Hebrew,Hungarian,Icelandic,Italian,Kanji,Korean,Norwegian,Polish,Romanian,Russian,Spanish,Swedish,Turkish,Ukrainian.Formats:FileMaker,ClarisWorks,text,AppleGlotLanguageGlossaries.

title:	Apple Mac OS X Glossaries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.apple.com%2Fdeveloper%2FTool_Chest%2FLocalization_Tools%2FMac_OS_X_Glossaries%2F
desc:	Localizedtermsandphrases.Englishto/fromPortuguese,Chinese,German,Danish,Spanish,French,Norwegian,Japanese,Finnish,Korean,Dutch,Swedish,Italian.DownloadableOSXdriveimagefiles,compressedinMacBinaryfiles(.dmg.bin).

title:	Business and Finance Multilingual Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planetpdf.com%2Fplanetpdf%2Fpdfs%2Fbusiness-finance-demo.pdf
desc:	ByIgorSharshakov,financialtranslatorandlexicologist.Officepractice,stockmarket,accounting.English,French,German,Russian.Sampleof22pages,1998.Fullversionsoldasane-book.

title:	CIMAC Lexicon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cimac.com%2Fcimaclexicon%2Findex1_lexicon.htm
desc:	BytheInternationalCouncilonCombustionEngines.English,French,Italian,Spanish,Dutch,German.Engineering,dieselmotors,andgasturbines.

title:	Dictionaries of Common Computing Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.css.qmul.ac.uk%2Fforeign%2F
desc:	English,French,German,Spanish.PublishedbyDavidNye,informationtechnologyspecialistattheQueenMary,UniversityofLondon.

title:	Dictionary of Applied Geology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geo.tu-freiberg.de%2Ffog%2FFOG_Vol_4%2FDictionary_Applied_Geology.pdf
desc:	ByMerkeletal.FreibergOnlineGeosciences,volume4.English,French,German,Spanish.229pages,2001.

title:	Dictionary of Swiss Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.ticino.com%2Fmultilingual%2Fterminology%2Fswiss_politics_glossary.htm
desc:	OnthepoliticalandsocialsystemofSwitzerland,withdefinitionsandtranslationsfromGermanintoEnglish,Italian,andFrench.ByTanyaHarveyCiampi,translatorandterminologist.

title:	European Environment Agency Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fglossary.eea.europa.eu%2FEEAGlossary%2F
desc:	Overathousandentries,withdefinitionsandtranslations.Czech,Danish,Dutch,English,Estonian,Finnish,French,German,Icelandic,Italian,Latvian,Lithuanian,Norwegian,Polish,Portuguese,Romanian,Slovak,Slovenian,Spanish,Swedish.

title:	Food Lexicon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foodlexicon.net%2F
desc:	English,French,German,Danish,Spanish,Dutch.

title:	Gastronomical Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.todine.net%2Fdictionary.html
desc:	OnToDine.net,internationalrestaurantguide.Italian,English,French,Spanish,German.Horsd'oeuvre,soups,pastas,vegetables,meats,fish,sauces,eggs,cheese,sweets,fruit,sauces,herbsandspices,beverages,additionalingredients.

title:	Gernot Katzer's Spice Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgernot-katzers-spice-pages.com%2Fengl%2F
desc:	Withpictures.Botanicalfamily,geographicorigin,etymology,chemicalconstituents,usage.Latin,Amharic,Arabic,Armenian,Bengali,Bulgarian,Burmese,Catalan,Chinese,Croatian,Czech,Danish,Dutch,English,Esperanto,Estonian,Farsi,Finnish,French,German,Greek,Gujrati,Hebrew,Hindi,Hungarian,Icelandic,Indonesian,Italian,Japanese,Lithuanian,Khmer,Laotian,Malay,Marathi,Norwegian,Pashto,Polish,Portuguese,Romanian,Russian,Sanskrit,Singhalese,Slovak,Slovenian,Spanish,Swahili,Swedish,Tamil,Telugu,Thai,Turkish,Urdu.

title:	Illustrated Glossary of Media, Printing and Advertising Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.ticino.com%2Fmultilingual%2Fterminology%2Fglossary_of_advertising.htm
desc:	ByTanyaHarveyCiampi,translatorandterminologist.German,English,Italian,andFrench,withdefinitions.

title:	IMF Terminology Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imf.org%2Fexternal%2Fnp%2Fterm%2Feng%2F
desc:	BytheInternationalMonetaryFund,2000.4,500entriesinEnglish,German,Spanish,French,andPortuguese.Moneyandbanking,publicfinance,balanceofpayments,andeconomicgrowth.

title:	Inter Active Terminology for Europe (IATE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiate.europa.eu%2Fiatediff%2F
desc:	TermbankoftheEuropeanCommission'sTranslationService.5.5millionentriesin48subjectfields.Danish,Dutch,English,Finnish,French,German,Greek,Italian,Latin,Portuguese,Spanish,Swedish.

title:	International Electrotechnical Vocabulary Online Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdom2.iec.ch%2Fiev
desc:	English,French,German,Spanish.

title:	Marine Research Institute of Iceland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hafro.is%2Fundir_eng.php%3FID%3D22%26REF%3D3
desc:	FindthenamesofvariousfishesinIcelandic,Latin,Norwegian,Danish,German,French,English,Faroese,Spanish,andPortuguese.

title:	Microsoft Glossaries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=ftp%3A%2F%2Fftp.microsoft.com%2Fdevelopr%2Fmsdn%2Fnewup%2Fglossary%2F
desc:	TermsandphrasesusedinMSsoftware.Updatedasnewproductsarelaunched.Englishto/fromArabic,Basque,Bulgarian,Catalan,Chinese,Croatian,Czech,Danish,Dutch,Estonian,Farsi,Finnish,French,Galician,German,Greek,Hebrew,Hindi,Icelandic,Indonesian,Italian,Japanese,Korean,Latvian,Lithuanian,Malay,Norwegian,Polish,Portuguese,Romanian,Russian,Serbian,Slovak,Slovenian,Spanish,Swedish,Thai,Turkish,Ukrainian.

title:	Multilingual Glossary of Technical and Popular Medical Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.ugent.be%2F%7Ervdstich%2Feugloss%2Fwelcome.html
desc:	Danish,Dutch,English,French,German,Italian,Portuguese,Spanish.

title:	Multilingual Glossary to Native Forms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthe-stewardship.org%2Fresearch%2Fglossary.htm
desc:	GlossaryofEnglishwordsandnamestotheoriginalorlocalforms,bothinoriginalscriptandtransliteration.

title:	Mutilingual Dictionary of Stock Exchange and Investment Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planetpdf.com%2Fplanetpdf%2Fpdfs%2Finvestment-demo.pdf
desc:	ByIgorSharshakov,financialtranslatorandlexicologist.EnglishtoFrench,German,Italian,Russian,andSpanish.Sampleof7pagescoverstheletter"A".Fullversionsoldasane-book.

title:	Olympic Games Official Lexicons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lexique-jo.org%2F
desc:	English,French,Japanese,Greek.Multilingualbrowseandsearchoptions.BytheFrenchINSEP(NationalInstituteofSportandPhysicalEducation),Olympiccommittees,andotherorganizations.46winterandsummersports.

title:	The Sushi Encyclopedism's Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepage3.nifty.com%2Fmaryy%2Feng%2Fsushi_glossary.htm
desc:	JapaneseintoEnglish,French,andGerman.Foodtermsorganizedbycategory:fish,shellfish,eggs,seasonings,drinks,chemicalcomponents,andothervariousexpressions.

title:	Thematic Glossaries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lipsie.com%2Fgb%2Fglossary_index.htm
desc:	ByLipsieLanguages,translationprovider.English,French,Italian,German,Spanish.Computers,e-commerce,Internet,telecommunications,multimedia,engineering.

title:	United Nations Multilingual Terminology Database (UNTERM) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDictionaries%2FWorld_Languages%2FMultilingual%2FTerminology&url=http%3A%2F%2Funterm.un.org%2F
desc:	English,French,Spanish,Russian,Arabic,Chinese.70,000entries.

title:	Erosion Control Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FResources%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erosioncontrolnetwork.com%2FGlossary%2F
desc:	Glossaryoftechnicaltermsanddefinitionsrelatedtotheerosionandsedimentcontrolindustry,technologiesandmaterials.FromErosionControlNetwork.

title:	Glossary of Toxic Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FResources%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atsdr.cdc.gov%2Fglossary.html
desc:	Glossaryoftechnicaltermsusedinenvironmentalhealthpublications.FromtheAgencyforToxicSubstancesandDiseaseRegistry.

title:	Laserterm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FResources%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laser-zentrum-hannover.de%2Fen%2Fpublications%2Fdb_laserterm%2Findex.php
desc:	Alphabetical,bilingualEnglish-Germanlistoftechnicaltermsfromthefieldoflasertechnology.FromLaserCenterHannovereV.

title:	Nanotechnology Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FResources%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nanotech-now.com%2Fnanotechnology-glossary-A-C.htm
desc:	Glossaryofnanotechnologyandnanoscalescienceandtechnologyterms.FromtheNanotechnologyNowe-zine.

title:	Rope Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FResources%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.machovec.com%2Frope%2Fglossary.htm
desc:	Glossaryoftechnicaltermsintheropemanufacturingindustry.

title:	SPC Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FResources%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sorbentproducts.com%2Fus%2FSPCFrame.asp%3FPage%3DGlossary%2FGlossary.htm
desc:	Listofwords,termsandtheirdefinitionsastheyarecommonlyusedinthesorbentproductsindustry.FromSorbentProductsCompany.

title:	Trade Terms Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FResources%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exportbureau.com%2Fdictionary.html
desc:	Adictionaryofgeneraltradetermsanddefinitions.FromtheBureauofExportAdministration.

title:	Waterjet Glossary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FResources%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waterjets.org%2Fwaterjet_glossary.html
desc:	Glossaryofwaterjetandabrasivejetrelatedterms.FromCarlOlson'swebsite.

title:	BitcoinWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FFinancieel%2FElectronisch_Geld&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitcoinweb.nl%2F
desc:	InformatiemetbetrekkingtotBitcoin,metuitleg,nieuwsenkoersen.

title:	Gulden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FFinancieel%2FElectronisch_Geld&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgulden.com%2Fnl%2F
desc:	Digitaalgeldopbasisvanblockchaintechniek,ookwelcryptocurrencygenoemd.Verstuurgeldnaarelkaar,maakhetovernaariedereIBANrekening,rekenafbijGuldenofBitcoinacceptanten.

title:	Gulden Help 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FFinancieel%2FElectronisch_Geld&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgulden.help%2F
desc:	VragenmetantwoordenoverallerleiaspectenvanGulden.

title:	Gulden.news 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FFinancieel%2FElectronisch_Geld&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gulden.news%2F
desc:	AanmeldenvoormaandelijksemailingmetnieuwsoverGulden.

title:	Guldenrate.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FFinancieel%2FElectronisch_Geld&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guldenrate.com%2F
desc:	OverzichtvankoersentussenGuldenenEuro,USDollarenBitcoin.

title:	GuldenWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FFinancieel%2FElectronisch_Geld&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.guldenweb.com%2F
desc:	Nieuws-eninformatiewebsiteoverGulden.

title:	Business Insider: De Gulden is terug 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FFinancieel%2FElectronisch_Geld&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.businessinsider.nl%2Fde-gulden-terug-nederlandse-bitcoin-kloon-stijgt-4600-waarde-een-jaar-tijd%2F
desc:	NederlandseBitcoin-kloonstijgt4600%inwaardeineenjaartijd.

title:	LinuxQuestions.org HCL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linuxquestions.org%2Fhcl%2F
desc:	TheLinuxQuestions.orgHardwareCompatibilityListallowsuserstoseewhethertheirhardwarewillworkinLinux.AnymembercanaddanentryandtheHCLisfreetouse.

title:	Net Express 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netexpresslabs.com%2F
desc:	high-endLinuxsystemsVAR,andtheygotogreatlengthstotellthereaderaboutwhytheychoosethehardwaretheydo

title:	Taurus Linux Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FHardware_Support&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tsac.co.uk%2Flinux%2F
desc:	ProvideinformationonrunningLinuxwithparticularhardware,likescanners,printers,modems.ItisalsothehomepageoftheLinuxonJavaStationx86piggybackport.

title:	2d Code 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Formats%2FBarcodes&url=http%3A%2F%2F2d-code.co.uk%2F
desc:	OnlinemagazinewithQRCodeandtwodimensionalbarcodenews,viewsandanalysis.

title:	Bar Code Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Formats%2FBarcodes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodeart.com%2F
desc:	PersonalsiteofNebraskabarcodeartistScottBlakewithexamplesofhiswork,detailsofexhibitions,andanonlinestore.

title:	BarCode 1 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Formats%2FBarcodes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adams1.com%2F
desc:	Categorisedlistsofbarcoderelatedlinks,references,andspecifications.IncludesasearchfacilityandanFAQ.

title:	Barcode Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Formats%2FBarcodes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodeisland.com%2F
desc:	Providesgeneralandtechnicalinformationonnumeric,alphanumeric,and2-dimensionalbarcodes.Includesadiscussionforum.

title:	Barcode Nerds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FData_Formats%2FBarcodes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbarcodenerds.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Whitepapersandhow-toinformationaboutbarcodedataformatsandnewtechnology.

title:	Active Plus Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.activeplus.com%2F
desc:	TopofthelineWindowsNTServicesutilities.CreatorsofService+,Service-ItandServiceKeeper.

title:	AK Computer Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akcsl.com%2F
desc:	UKconsultancyprovidingsystemsmanagementconsultancyfortheMicrosoftSystemCenterSuite.

title:	Application Deployment Information Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fappdeploy.com%2F
desc:	Linksandinformationonallapplicationdeploymentmethods-installers,deployment,andimaging.Messageboards,scriptexchange,articles,theinformationandutilitiesyouneedtoremotelyinstallsoftware.

title:	ASG Software Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asg.com%2F
desc:	Providesmanagementsolutionsforinformation,operationsandapplications.Serviceandprogramdetails,worldofficelocationsandcontactinformation.

title:	Astera Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astera.com%2F
desc:	OffersdataintegrationandETLsoftwaretoolsforuseindatamigration,conversion,transformation,andmappingtoandfromfiles,XML,EDI,SQLdatabases,andODBCsources.

title:	Data-based Systems Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.data-based-systems.com%2F
desc:	Custombusinessdatabasesystemsdesignandprogrammingfor"canned"industry-systemprices.

title:	Enterprise Management Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.enterprisemanagement.com%2F
desc:	Informationaboutenterprisemanagement(includingnetworkmanagement,systemsmanagement,andservicelevelmanagement)andEnterpriseManagementAssociates.Containswhitepapers,andstaffbiographies.

title:	Evolving Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evolving.com%2F
desc:	Providerofserviceprovisioning,businessservicemanagementandcustomerservicesolutionsforfinance,telecommunicationsandIT-dependentbusinesses.

title:	Hardcat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hardcat.com%2F
desc:	Barcodeandbarcoding,help-desk,depreciation,purchasingandpreventativemaintenance.

title:	Heroix Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heroix.com%2F
desc:	DevelopersofLongitude,anagentless,multiplatformsoftwareformonitoringofapplicationperformanceandnetworks.

title:	Hyperic, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyperic.com%2F
desc:	Opensourcesystemsmonitoring,servermonitoring,andITmanagementsoftware.

title:	I/O Concepts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ioconcepts.com%2F
desc:	ConnectivityfromUnixworkstationsandPCstolargeIBM390Mainframes.Productsinclude:consoleconsolidationproducts,websolutions,APItoolkits,andtraditional3270products.

title:	Intelligent Communication Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ics.de%2F
desc:	Helpingorganizationsmanagereal-timeITservicesbyhighlightingtherootcausesofIToutages.Liststraining,packagesandsupportinformation.

title:	Multi-Remote Registry Change 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eytcheson.com%2F
desc:	WindowsNT/Windows2000/XPremoteregistrymanagementtool.

title:	NetIQ AppManager Suite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netiq.com%2F
desc:	CentralmonitoringtheperformanceandavailabilityofdistributedWindowsNTsystemsandserverapplications.Listingsolutions,supportandservices.

title:	NetWrix Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netwrix.com%2F
desc:	SuppliesproductsprimarilyforWindowsenvironmentsthataredesignedtosolveidentitymanagementandcomplianceissues.

title:	P-Synch - Password Management ToolKit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.p-synch.com%2F
desc:	Apasswordmanagementtoolkitthatletsuserssynchronizepasswordsandhelpdeskadministratorsauthenticatecallersandresettheirpasswords.Alsoincludesself-serviceandpasswordagingfeatures.

title:	PC Decrapifier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcdecrapifier.com%2F
desc:	RemovesunwantedpreinstalledsoftwarefromWindowsXPandVistamachines.Freeforpersonaluse,commercialversionincludesautomationcapability.

title:	Q2 Solutions Pty Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.q2solutions.com.au%2F
desc:	OffersdevelopmentandsupportofbusinessapplicationsincludingMaintenanceOne,ConnX,andRAPT.

title:	Radsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radsoft.net%2F
desc:	RIXandRix2kareWindowsutilitysuitesofnearly80applications.RadsoftisanorganizationofPCsoftwaredevelopersfoundedin1984.

title:	Raxco Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.raxco.com%2F
desc:	RaxcoiswidelyrecognizedasakeyproviderofSystemsResourceManagementtoolsforCompaq/Digital'sOpenVMSoperatingsystem.RaxcoisnowexercisingthatsameprovenexperiencetodeliverproductsandsolutionstosupportMicrosoft'sWindowsNTsystems.

title:	ServerAssist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.serverassist.com%2F
desc:	Agent-basedandagentlessmonitoringsolutionforWindowsandLinuxserversthatlooksatprocessorload,memoryanddiskusage,availability,andeventlogs,generatesalertsandrunscertaincorrectiveactions.

title:	Software Engineering of America Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seasoft.com%2F
desc:	Operationsautomation,datacenter,IT,software,mainframe,multiplatform,MVS,jobscheduling,NT,UNIX,tapestacking,VSE,batchscheduling,SAPscheduling,tapemanagement,productionscheduling,JCL,productioncontrol,reportmanagement,andSyslog.

title:	Stonebranch Universal Command 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stonebranch.com%2F
desc:	ItallowsdatacenterstoremotelyexecuteUNIX,WindowsNT,orSAPR/3commandsfromtheirmainframesystem.

title:	SuperSpeed Software, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.superspeed.com%2F
desc:	Serverandapplicationperformancesolutionsbasedoncache,hybridcache,andRAMdisksoftwareaimingtooptimizehardwareutilization.

title:	TeamQuest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teamquest.com%2F
desc:	SystemPerformanceManagementsoftwareformission-criticalapplications.

title:	Tidal Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tidalsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Jobscheduling,performancemanagement,andprocessautomationsoftware.

title:	Xteq Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FSystem_Management&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xteq.com%2F
desc:	CreatorsofthesystemtweakingutilityX-Setup,allowingpowerusersandnetworkadministratorstochangehiddenWindowssettings.Sitecontainsscreenshots,awardspage,listoffeatures,supportinformationanddetailsofotherprogramsbythesameauthors.

title:	Acumatica Inventory Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acumatica.com%2Fproducts%2Finventory-management-software
desc:	Providerofinventorymanagementsoftwareforsmall-mediumsizedbusinesses.

title:	Advanced Barcode Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbar-codes.com%2F
desc:	OffersawiderangeofbarcodeanddatabasesolutionsfromWarehouseManagementandInventoryControltotimeandattendancesystems.

title:	Almyta Inventory Control Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsystems.almyta.com%2F
desc:	Businessmanagementsoftwarethatprintsbarcodes,managesinventory,sales,purchasing,andotheractivities.

title:	B-Coder Pro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taltech.com%2Fbcoder
desc:	InventorytrackingspreadsheetforMicrosoftExcel.WhenusedinconjunctionwithBC-WedgeorWinWedgethispermitsonetoaddto,removefromandlookupproductsbyscanningabarcode.

title:	Backtrack Bar Code Tracking Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teklynx.com%2Fen%2Fproducts%2Fdata-collection-solutions%2Fbacktrack%2F
desc:	Informationonbarcodetracking,itemtrackingandinventorycontrolsoftware.

title:	ChemSW 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Faccelrys.com%2Fredirects%2Fchemsw%2F
desc:	Inventorytrackingsoftwarewithabarcodeinterface.

title:	ESC Rental Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evelley.com%2F
desc:	Softwareforcompaniesthatrentequipmentout.Handlesbooking,scheduling,andinvoicingofrentals.

title:	Fishbowl Inventory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fishbowlinventory.com%2F
desc:	InventorycontrolsoftwaredesignedtointegratewithQuickbookstoaddmorerobustinventorymanagementcapabilities.

title:	Flextory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fflextory.com%2F
desc:	Aweb-basedinventorysystemforassettracking,sales,andwarehouses.

title:	iCountability ibAcus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icountability.com%2F
desc:	Softwaretohelpwiththeprocessofcountinginventory.Supportsbarcodesandhandhelddevices.Freeandcommerciallicenses.

title:	iMagic Inventory Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imagicinventorysoftware.com%2F
desc:	Offersbarcodecompatibleinventorycontrolsoftware.

title:	inFlow Inventory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inflowinventory.com%2F
desc:	Inventorysoftwareforsmallbusinesseshandlinginventory,sales,andpurchasing.OffersaFreeEdition.

title:	Inventory Management & ERP Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.brightpearl.com%2F
desc:	GrowyourmultichannelretailbusinesswiththisInventoryManagement&ERPsoftwarepackage.Connectyourphysicalstorewith3rdpartymarketplaces&reduceadmin.

title:	Inventory Management Software & Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smartturn.com%2F
desc:	SmartTurn,aleaderininventorymanagementsoftware&inventorymanagementsystems.Integratinginventorymanagementthoughonecentralizedsystem.

title:	InventorySoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Finventorypower.yuzisoft.com%2F
desc:	Inventorysoftwareforsmallandmediumsizedenterprises.

title:	JigoCloud - Inventory Management ERP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jigocloud.com%2F
desc:	InventoryManagementSoftwareforecommerce,wholesalers,retailersandmanufacturers.Allowstheabilitytoadd&searchforitems&rawmaterialsbyscanningbarcodes.

title:	Scan Secretary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scansecretary.com%2F
desc:	InventorytrackingandcountingsoftwareforPalmOSandSymbolbarcodescanners.

title:	Scanlink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scanlink.net%2F
desc:	Inventorymanagementsoftwareforallaspectsonwarehouseandinventorytracking.

title:	ShopWizard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deljohnson.com%2FShopWizard%2F
desc:	AhomeinventoryandshoppingsystembasedonUPCbarcodes.

title:	SIMMS Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kcsi.ca%2F
desc:	Inventorycontrol,distribution,andmanufacturingsoftwaresolutionforsmalltomedium-sizedcompanies.

title:	Tracer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ptsmobile.com%2Ftracer.htm
desc:	Createandrunabarcode-enabledapplicationinminutes.PerfectforInventoryandAssetmanagementtasks.CollecteddatacanbeHotSyncedtoAccessandExcel.

title:	Transformations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transfrm.com%2F
desc:	Customsoftwareprogrammingforbarcodingsystemsallowinginventorytrackingthrougheverystagefromrawmaterialstofinishedgoods,shippingandreceiving.

title:	Triton Commercial Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tritoncomsys.com%2F
desc:	TritondevelopsInventoryManagementsoftwareincludingscanning.Labelingandbar-coding,specialistsinfoodprocessingandcoolstoreindustries.

title:	Visual Inventory Control 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynamiccontrolsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Picturedriveninventorycontrolsoftwareforuser-friendlybusinessinventorymanagement.Featuresauserfriendlybarcoderequisitionscreen.

title:	AaronGraphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Faarongraphics.com%2F
desc:	Providerofpreprintedbarcodelabels,printers,software,blanklabelsandribbons.ProvidesinkjetandpenplottersuppliesforCalcomp,andHp.

title:	Agamik Barcodes and Colour Utilities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agamik.co.uk%2F
desc:	PurveyorofbarcodesoftwareandfontsforMacintoshandWindowsprovidescustomlabelingapplications.

title:	Aulux - Barcode Label Maker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aulux.com%2F
desc:	Designandprintprofessionalqualitybarcodelabels.Softwareoverview,screenshots,andtrialdownload.

title:	AWB Label Pro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.awb-label.com%2F
desc:	WindowssoftwaretoprintbarcodedAWBlabels.Demoversiondownloadable;configurationinformation.

title:	Barcode Logics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodes.com%2F
desc:	Barcodefonts,picturemakersandsoftwaredevelopmentkitsfor1Dand2Dbarcodes.AlsolabelprintingpackagesforDOSandWindows.Fullhardwarerange.

title:	Barcoderobot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcoderobot.com%2F
desc:	Onlinetooltoproducestandardscompliantvectorimagesofmostcommonbarcodetypesusedingroceryandretailsupplychains.

title:	BulletProof Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.labelmagic.net%2F
desc:	Label-makingsoftwarethatallowsuserstocreateandprintcustomlabelscompletewithgraphicsandpopularbarcodeformats.

title:	Computalabel International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computalabel.com%2F
desc:	MacBARCODAbarcodesoftwareforMacintosh.LabelDesignerforPostScriptlabelprinting.MacThermalprintslabelsonDatamax,Zebra,TECthermalprinters.Alsobarcodescanners.

title:	ebarcode.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebarcode.com%2F
desc:	Buybarcodeproductson-line;fromlabelprinterstolabelingsoftware.

title:	GCA Barcode Labels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gcalabels.com%2F
desc:	Ready-madebarcodelabels,software,printers,scanners,andlabelsupplies.SpecializesintheAerospaceIndustry.

title:	KBarcode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kbarcode.net%2F
desc:	AbarcodeandlabelprintingapplicationforKDE3,withaWYSIWYGlabeldesigner.AllmajortypesofbarcodeslikeEAN,UPC,CODE39andISBNaresupported.Softwareoverview,FAQs,forum,screenshots,examples,anddownload.[OpenSource]

title:	Media Bar Code Labels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mediabarcodelabels.com.au%2F
desc:	ServicebureauofferslabelsforTapeDrivesandlibraries.AlsooffersNetCsoftwareforlabelcreation.Australia

title:	NiceLabel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nicelabel.com%2F
desc:	Professionalsoftwareofferslabeldesigningandprintingsolutionswithsupportforbarcodes,databases,thermaltransferprintersandopenconnectivity.

title:	Peninsula Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peninsula-group.com%2F
desc:	CreatebarcodesonaMacorPC,foruseinartworkordirectlyinsoftwareapplications.

title:	TEC-IT Datenverarbeitung GmbH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tec-it.com%2F
desc:	Barcodeandlabelsoftware,reportgeneratorcomponentsanddataacquisitiontoolsforallcommonoperatingsystemsandERPsolutions.English,German,TurkishandChinese.

title:	Tharo Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftharo.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturerofthebarcodelabelprintingsoftwareEasylabelandbarcodelabelprinters,thermaltransferbarcodeprinters,suppliesandlabeldesignsoftwareforbarcodelabelingapplications.

title:	TL Ashford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tlashford.com%2F
desc:	BarcodeLabelingSoftwareforIBMMidrangeAS/400systems.

title:	Unix barcode generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBarcode%2FLabeling&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodegenerator.de%2Findex_e.htm
desc:	AbarcodegeneratorforUnixsystems.Germany

title:	Flashnux 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FSupport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flashnux.com%2F
desc:	AccesstoLinuxmanualpagesonaperdistributionandperversionbasis.

title:	LiNewbie.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FSupport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linewbie.com%2F
desc:	HelpforLinuxnewbies:downloads,news,forums,webgames,submitreadernewsandarticles,distributionspecifictopicsincludeCaldera,Debian,Mandrake,RedHat,SuSE,others.

title:	Linux Voodoo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FSupport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linuxvoodoo.com%2F
desc:	Providestechnicalsupportoninstallation,configuration,security,hardware/softwaredrivers.

title:	LinuxLookup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FSupport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linuxlookup.com%2F
desc:	News,discussions,guides,andproductreviews.

title:	O'Reilly Linux Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FSupport&url=http%3A%2F%2Flinux.oreilly.com%2F
desc:	O'ReillyresourcecenterforLinux.O'ReillyisaleaderintechnicalandcomputerbookdocumentationforLinux.

title:	The support section of Red Hat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FSupport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redhat.com%2Fapps%2Fsupport%2F
desc:	ThesupportanddocumentationsectionofRedHatLinux.

title:	Alloy Software, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alloy-software.com%2F
desc:	AssetNavigatorisanetworkassetmanagementandinventorysolutionthatdeliversacompleteautomateddeploymentofnetworkaudit.Hardwareandsoftwareinventory,trackingofcontactinformation,contracts,andpurchaseorders.

title:	AssetManage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.assetmanagesoftware.com%2F
desc:	Usetokeeptrackofcompanyassets.Attachimages,filesandURLstorecords.Easilytrackchangesinstatusorlocation.Screenshotsanddownloads.

title:	Chrysanth Inventory Manager 2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chrysanth.com%2F
desc:	Aflexibleinventorymanagementsystemespeciallydesignedforthesmalltomedium-sizedbusinessenvironment.Programincludestransferandbillingcapabilities;theabilitytotrackallreceivedgoods,andotherenhancements.[Win95/98/Me/2000]

title:	Easy For You 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easyforyou.eu%2FEN%2Fstock.htm
desc:	Softwareforstockcontrolinventory,invoicemanagement,billing,priceoffers,andorderforms.Productspecification,screenshot,helpsection,anddownloads.

title:	Financial Freedom Inventory Pro 98 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrtec.com%2FProductFeatures.htm
desc:	Apowerfulandfull-featuredinventoryandinvoicingprogram.Alsocheckoutourotherbillingprogramsandfreestuff.RunsonallWindowsversions.

title:	Microguru Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microguru.com%2F
desc:	BasicInventoryControl(BIC)trackstheorders,receipts,shrinkage,allocation,andshipmentofproducts.BICdisplaysphysicalunitsinstock,allocatedunits,availableunitsinstock,andunitsonorder.

title:	OWL Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.owlsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofeasytouseaccounting,billing,inventoryandinvestmentportfoliomanagementsoftwarethatyoucantrybeforeyoubuy.

title:	SpiritWorks Software Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fproductivity-software.com%2F
desc:	Smallbusinessmanagementandtrackingsoftwaresolutions.Inventorycontrol,trackinginventoryordersandassets,rentalandtenanttracking,invoicetrackingandcontactdatabase.Productspecifications,download,registerandpurchaseinformation,andcontactdetails.

title:	Systemhound 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance%2FInventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.systemhound.com%2F
desc:	APCasset-managementsolutiondesignedforMicrosoftWindowssystems.Ithasaweb-basedinventoryuserinterface.

title:	Aeromium Barcode Fonts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodefonts.net%2F
desc:	DevelopsandpublishesbarcodefontspackagethatcreatesCode39,Code128,UPCEANandI2of5barcodes.

title:	Azalea Software Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.azalea.com%2F
desc:	PublishesbarcodesoftwarethatcreatesCode39,PDF417,Code128,UPC,EAN,Interleaved2of5,andotherbarcodesymbols.BarcodefontsworkunderMicrosoftWindows,Macintosh,UNIX,andotherplatforms.

title:	Barcode Writer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbwipp.terryburton.co.uk%2F
desc:	OpensourcePostScriptbarcodewriter.

title:	BarcodeSoft Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodesoft.com%2F
desc:	PublishesbarcodeandMICRfontsforchequeprinting.

title:	BarFonts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karrman.org%2Fbarfonts%2F
desc:	CollectionofPostScriptType1fontsforprintingbarcodes,availableundertheGNUGeneralPublicLicense.Thefontsconsistofbarsonly,thereisnohumanreadabletextalongwiththebars.

title:	BizFonts.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bizfonts.com%2F
desc:	BarcodefontsincludingCode39,Code128,EANandUPC.HighdensitybarcodefontssuchasPDF417andDataMatrixarealsoavailable.Freedownloads.

title:	Carolina Barcode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carolinabarcode.com%2F
desc:	Code2of5PrimerandExtendedCode3of9fontsforMacintoshorTrueTypeformat.Demoavailable.

title:	ConnectCode Barcode Fonts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcoderesource.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsandmarketsbarcodefontsthatsupportstheI2of5,UPCEAN,Code128,Code39andUCCEANbarcodes.

title:	Elfring Soft Fonts, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elfring.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofawiderangeofbarcodeTrueTypeandLaserJetfontsforuseunderDOS,WindowsandUnix.Trialpackagesavailablefordownload.

title:	FreeFloat Barcode Package 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freefloat.com%2Findex.php%3Fshow%3D698_SWE
desc:	BarcodepackageincludesthefollowingsymbologiesCode39,Code128(UCC/EAN-128),Standard2of5,Interleaved2of5,andCodabar.

title:	I Shot the Serif - Free 3 of 9 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.squaregear.net%2Ffonts%2Ffree3of9.shtml
desc:	CompletelyfreeCode39fontincludesallASCIIcharacters.

title:	IDAutomation TrueType Fonts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fidautomation.com%2Ffonts%2Ffontpackage%2F
desc:	AneasytousepackageofTrueTypeBarcode,MICRandOCRfonts.

title:	Kanecal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kanecal.net%2F
desc:	Offerssymbolsusedindrafting/blueprintcallouts.GeometricDimensioningandTolerancing(GD&T)symbols(withFeatureControlFrames)plusStatisticalProcessControl(SPC)symbols.BarcodesforgovernmentshipmentsandQualitysymbolfonts.

title:	PrecisionID Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FFonts%2FBarcode&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.precisionid.com%2F
desc:	AglobalsupplierofbarcodesoftwareandfontsincludingCode128,Code39,Interleaved2of5,EAN,UPC,ASP,PDF417,DataMatrix.

title:	A Cotton Fabrics Glossary. Part 1 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fbfp_glos_1.pdf
desc:	Firstpartofacomprehensive1907glossaryoftechnicaltermsanddefinition,includingweavinginstructionsforeveryknowngradeandvarietyofcottonfabrics.Author:FrankP.Bennet

title:	A Cotton Fabrics Glossary. Part 2 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fbfp_glos_2.pdf
desc:	Secondpartofacomprehensive1907glossaryoftechnicaltermsanddefinition,includingweavinginstructionsforeveryknowngradeandvarietyofcottonfabrics.Author:FrankP.Bennet

title:	A Cotton Fabrics Glossary. Part 3 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fbfp_glos_3.pdf
desc:	Thirdpartofacomprehensive1907glossaryoftechnicaltermsanddefinition,includingweavinginstructionsforeveryknowngradeandvarietyofcottonfabrics.Author:FrankP.Bennett.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part I 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_cotn_1.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part II 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_cotn_2.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part III 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_cotn_3.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part IV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_tw_1.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part IX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_knit_3.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part V 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_tw_2.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part VI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_tw_3.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part VII 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_knit_1.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part VIII 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_knit_2.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part X 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_knit_4.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part XI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_knit_5.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part XII 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_chem_1.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Cyclopedia of Textile Work. Part XIII 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fctw_chem_2.pdf
desc:	Generalreferencelibraryinsevenvolumesoncotton,woolenandworstedyarnmanufacture,andtextileweaving,designing,chemistryanddyeing,finishing,knittingandalliedsubjects,compiledfrominstructionpapersoftheAmericanSchoolofCorrespondenceandpublishedin1906bytheAmericanTechnicalSociety.

title:	Spinning - Its Processes and Products. Part I 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_spin_1.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinuseintheyarnspinningindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Spinning - Its Processes and Products. Part II 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_spin_2.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinuseintheyarnspinningindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Spinning - Its Processes and Products. Part III 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_spin_3.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinuseintheyarnspinningindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Spinning - Its Processes and Products. Part IV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_spin_4.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinuseintheyarnspinningindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Spinning - Its Processes and Products. Part V 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_spin_5.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinuseintheyarnspinningindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Spinning - Its Processes and Products. Part VI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_spin_6.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinuseintheyarnspinningindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Spinning - Its Processes and Products. Part VII 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_spin_7.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinuseintheyarnspinningindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Spinning - Its Processes and Products. Part VIII 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_spin_8.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinuseintheyarnspinningindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Weaving and Woven Fabrics. Part I 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_dict_1.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinusethewovenfabricsindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Weaving and Woven Fabrics. Part II 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_dict_2.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinusethewovenfabricsindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Weaving and Woven Fabrics. Part III 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_dict_3.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinusethewovenfabricsindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Weaving and Woven Fabrics. Part IV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_dict_4.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinusethewovenfabricsindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Weaving and Woven Fabrics. Part V 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_dict_5.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinusethewovenfabricsindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Weaving and Woven Fabrics. Part VI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_dict_6.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinusethewovenfabricsindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Weaving and Woven Fabrics. Part VII 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_dict_7.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinusethewovenfabricsindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	Weaving and Woven Fabrics. Part VIII 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books%2FDictionaries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fsa_dict_8.pdf
desc:	Comprehensivemulti-lingualdictionarydealingwithtechnicaltermsanddefinitionsinusethewovenfabricsindustry.English,German,Russian,French,ItalianandSpanish.Publishedin1925.Editedby:AlfredSchlomann.

title:	AlwaysLinux 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FCompanies%2FSupport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alwayslinux.co.uk%2F
desc:	LinuxconsultantsofferingLinuxadmin,support,installationandbespokedevelopmentservices.

title:	Pantek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FLinux%2FCompanies%2FSupport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pantek.com%2Flinux.php%3Fsubsect%3Dsupport
desc:	Providerofcertifiedtelephoneandon-sitesupportforallLinuxsoftwareanddistributions.

title:	24/7 PersonalCRM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.personalcrm.com%2Fcrm_247_pcrm12.htm
desc:	AdvancedCustomerRelationshipandAcquisitionManagement(CRAM)solution,focusedonfullcustomerlife-cyclemanagement.[Win95/98/Me/NT/2000]

title:	Advanced Sale Force 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurosmartz.com%2F
desc:	SaleSmartzLiteisacontactmanagementsystemforbusinessusers.Ithasanoptiontoupgradetootheradvancedmultiusersystemswithcompletequotationfacilities.RunsonWindows95/98/NTandMacintosh.

title:	Alpha Media, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinknotes.com%2F
desc:	PinkNotesisafullyintegratedofficeinstantmessagingsystemforlocalnetworks,fullycustomizabletofitanycompany'sneedsofgettingnotesandmessagesfromoneofficetoanother.

title:	AyaNova 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ayanova.com%2F
desc:	WorkorderandservicemanagementapplicationforWindows2000,XP,2003andVista.Featuresinclude-enter,track,print,scheduleandsearchdataonworkorders,customermanagement,equipmentdatabaseandpreventativemaintenance.Optionalweb,QuickBooksorPeachTreeinterfaces.

title:	Big Red Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigredconsulting.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperspecializingincustomExcelapplications.Productsare'IIFTransactionCreator'utilitytocreateimportfilescontainingtransactionandtimerecordsinIIFformat.Aswellasthe'QuickBooksTimesheet'.

title:	Budget Managing Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.snowmintcs.com%2F
desc:	AfullfeaturedfinanceprogramforMacintoshandWindowssharewareandfreewareversionsavailable.

title:	Business PlanWare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planware.org%2Fbusplan.htm
desc:	Arangeoffreewareitemsforpreparingabusinessplan,businessplanning,financialprojections,andcashflowforecasts.Withdownloadfacilitiesandlinks.SoftwareWindowscompliant.

title:	Ceek Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ceeksoft.com%2F
desc:	Salesautomation,contactmanagementandemailmessageprocessortoolforsalesandmarketing.Twoeditionsareavailablebasiceditionandprofessionaledition.

title:	ChristianSteven Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christiansteven.com%2F
desc:	CombinesgeneralbusinessprocessautomationandreportsschedulersforCrystalReports,SQLServerReportingServices(SSRS)andMicrosoftAccessreports,queriesandmacros.

title:	Davis Business Systems Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dbsonline.com%2Fprofessional%2Findex.html
desc:	BS/1Professionalisanintegrated,network-readytimebillingandaccountingsystem.AccountsPayable,AccountsReceivable,GeneralLedger,Inventory,TimeBillingandSalesAnalysis.[Windows95/98/NT/2000]

title:	DCS Laboratory Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dcslab.net%2F
desc:	PBXCallTarifficatorisacallaccountingandbillingsystem,tomanagealltheoutgoingtelephonetrafficfromtheofficeswitchingsystem.[Win95/98/NT4.0]

title:	Easy Mail 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easymailpro.com%2F
desc:	Printenvelopesandlabelsquicklyandeasily.Composedocuments,thenprint,faxoremailthem.Includesediting,maillistmanagement,graphicssupport.ForallversionsofWindows.

title:	Eetasoft Eeva 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eetasoft.ee%2Feeva.htm
desc:	Developsandmarketsproducing,salesandaccountingapplication.ModulesincludeGeneralLedger,Documents,Inventory,Payroll,PersonnelManagement,FixedAssets,Manufacturing,andPointOfSale.WritteninVisualFoxPro.Registrationrequiredfordownload.[Win95/98/Me/NT/2000]

title:	Elk River Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elkriversystems.com%2F
desc:	Softwarefordesigningandprintingofticketsandotherdocumentsthatcombinetext,graphics,andsequentialnumbering,includingbarcodes.[Win95/98/NT/2000/ME]

title:	Felitec Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.felitec.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinthedevelopmentofsoftwareforthehomeandoffice,productsare:AccountExpressandLoanAndMortgage.Alsoprovidecustomsoftwareanddevelopmentservices.Theseservicesincludeanalysis,design,development,andtesting.

title:	George the Window Cleaner's Assistant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.georgesystems.co.uk%2F
desc:	Producesworklists,invoices,debtlists,financehistoriesandforecasts,automaticallybacksupthedatafiles,handlestips,andoverpayments.

title:	GST / VAT Accounting and Invoicing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.owlsoftware.com%2Fgstvat.htm
desc:	Invoicingversionisacompletesalesmanagementsystemwithinventorymanagement,customertracking,salestracking,andmailinglistmanagement.Theaccountingversioncanproduceavarietyofexpense,income,profit,andgeneralledgerandtaxreports.[Win95/98/NT]

title:	Guy Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guysoftware.com%2F
desc:	Softwaretoenhancebusinessefficiency.PlanBeeforCriticalPathProjectManagement.HELLLPtoproduceWinHelpfiles.ParseRatforfileanddatabaseparsing,conversionanddataextraction.ForallWindows32bitsystems.

title:	I-TRAC Management Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.execware.com%2F
desc:	SimplebutpowerfulPCtoolthatsharpensskillofmanagersandprofessionalsandstafftoplan,monitor,andcontrolanagendaofmanypendingactions.[Win95/98/NT/2000]

title:	Instant Quote 2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcesoft.com%2Fiq2000.html
desc:	Quotingandinvoicingsoftware.Createprofessionalsystemquotations,invoices,andinventorymanagement,inventorycontrol,invoice,serialnumberandwarrantytracking.[Win95/98/Me/NT/2000]

title:	LeadMind Development Software Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leadmind.com%2F
desc:	PopMessengerisachatclientdesignedforhomeorcorporatenetworks.Withusefulfunctions,andeasyICQ-likeinterface.Downloads,orderandcontactinformationavailableonthesite.

title:	M & R Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrtec.com%2FProductFeatures.htm
desc:	AuthorofFinancialFreedomBillingManager,andFinancialFreedomInventoryprograms,invoiceandbillingsoftwareforallversionsofWindows.

title:	MoneyToys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moneytoys.com%2Findex.php
desc:	AcollectionofJava-basedfinancialcalculatorappletsforuseonwebsitesallowingvisitorstoperformawidevarietyofonlinefinancialcalculations.

title:	Mouse Tracks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gritware.com%2F
desc:	Amultiuserinformationdatabasethatkeepstrackofinformationtechnologyassets,resources,andpurchasingefforts.[Windows98/Me/2000/NT/XP]

title:	ObjectWorld Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.objectworld.com%2F
desc:	CallAttendantProisaunified,multilinevoiceandfaxmessagingsolution.FeaturesincludeCallTransfersupport,unlimitedmailboxes,voicemail,fullfaxcapabilities.[Win95/98/Me]

title:	PlanMagic Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fplanmagic.com%2F
desc:	Productlineincludesbusiness,financial,marketingandmediaplansoftware.

title:	Project Management Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.minuteman-systems.com%2F
desc:	MinuteManSystemspublishessoftwareforprojectmanagement,costestimating,planning,schedulingandPertandGanttcharting.

title:	RetireWare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.retireware.com%2F
desc:	RetirementplanningsoftwaretailoredtoCanada'staxandsavingsenvironment.Pension,RRSPandinvestmentinformation.[Win95/98/Me/NT/2000]

title:	The Right Resume 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wwtech.com%2Fpages%2Ftrr.htm
desc:	Createasequential,functional,ortargetedresume.WYSIWYGwordprocessorforcreatingcoversletters.ThecompleteresumegeneratorsoftwareproductforWin95/98/NT.

title:	SCA Mecanica, S.A. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scamecanica.com%2Findex.html
desc:	QuickPalletMakerisapallet-loadingapplicationthatcalculatesoptimalboxdimensionsinordertofitthemostpackagesontoashippingpallet.Theprogramdisplaystheavailablesolutionsgraphically.Productspecifications,FAQs,anddownloads.

title:	Simple Business Invoicing and Inventory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.owlsoftware.com%2Fsbi.htm
desc:	Asalesmanagementsystemthatincludesinvoicing,inventorymanagement,automatedbilling,mailinglistmanagement,andsalestracking.[Win95/98/NT]

title:	Succession Wizard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.successionwizard.com%2F
desc:	Humanresourcesoftwareprogramforundertakingbusinesssuccessionplanning.Itsprimarypurposeisidentifyingwhichkeypositionswithinorganizationsareexposedthroughcandidateevaluation.

title:	SurveyGold 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surveygoldsolutions.com%2F
desc:	Acompletesystemthatmakesiteasytocreateandadministersurveys,andanalyzetheresults.Supportsprintedandtelephonesurveys,aswellassurveysontheInternet.[Win2000/ME/NT/98/95]

title:	TK8 Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tk8.com%2F
desc:	Usefulsoftwareforsmallbusinessesandforhome.[Win95/98/2000/NT]

title:	Universal Parcel Shipping Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upss.com%2F
desc:	PackagingandShippingsoftwareexclusivelydesignedfortheretailshippingbusiness.Programsupportsallmajorcarriersworldwide.Built-inentireUPSandFedExWorldwideCountry/Zonedatabase.[Win95/98/ME/NT4/2000]

title:	WatchDog Print Monitor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FBusiness_and_Finance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adiwatchdog.com%2F
desc:	Printmonitoringsoftware,providesacomplete,detailed,andexactaccountingofallprinting/plottingactivitywithinabusinessnetwork.

title:	1st Choice Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftppro.com%2F
desc:	MakerofFTPPro,PerlDatabase,Zip,Browse,andHotkeysutilities.[Win95/98/2000/NT]

title:	A2ZWare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.a2zware.com%2F
desc:	Sharewareprogramsforthehomeandschool.Productsincludeateacher'sgradebook,hangmangame,crossword,wordsearch,wordgamegenerator,andothertitles.

title:	AAR Software Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aarsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Developersofbackupandreplicationsoftware,multimediaandproductivitytools.ProductsincludeNetworkFileMonitorabackupandsynchronizationsoftware.File/FolderDescriptionCenteracatalogingsystemandRemoteControlforWinamp.[Win95/98/NT/2000]

title:	Calculations in Yarns and Fabrics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fbf_calc.pdf
desc:	Instructionbookaboutyarnpreparationandcharacteristics,fabricmanufacturingmethodsandconstructions,andcostcalculationsinyarnspinningandtextilefabricweaving,writtenin1906forstudents,teachers,yarnspinners,fabricmanufacturersandtextilemerchants.Author:FredBradbury.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Cotton. Part 1 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_87_1.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksontextilefibers,machineryandmanufacturingtechnologies,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersoncottonfiber,cottonpickersandcards,anddrawingrolls.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Cotton. Part 2 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_87_2.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksontextilefibers,machineryandmanufacturingtechnologies,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersonrailwayheadsanddrawingframes,combersandflyframes.

title:	Abacre Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abacre.com%2F
desc:	Softwarecompanythatproducesintelligentdataprocessingapplicationsforbusiness,andsmallusefulutilitiesforWindows.

title:	ABF Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abf-dev.com%2F
desc:	DesignerofABFCDShell,aconstructorsetforfastcreatingofdifferentCD,DVD,andothercatalogueshells.Otherprogramsinclude:ABFSplash,Copier,CRLFtoLF,FileDate,PasToInt,andReplacer.

title:	ABF Software, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abf-soft.com%2F
desc:	End-userapplicationsforWindowssystemutilities,IEtools,Outlookbackup,passwordrecovery,imagecapturingapplication,andmeasurementunitsconverter.Softwareoverview,screenshots,andtrialdownloads.

title:	Accessory Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accessoryware.com%2F
desc:	Productsincludefileandpicturesviewers,pictureorganizerandDatabaseUtility.Softwarespecifications,screenshots,anddownloads.

title:	AcroVista Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acrovista.com%2F
desc:	DevelopersofinnovativewebapplicationsincludingAlarmWiz,BabyAce,andGovernMail.[Windows95/98/NT]

title:	Advanced Call Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.voicecallcentral.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Softwareansweringmachineforvoicemodems.ACCcansendcallnotificationstopagersandvoicemessagesoveremail.[Windows95/98/Me/NT]

title:	AfalinaSoft - XL Report 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.afalinasoft.com%2F
desc:	UtilityforreportgenerationanddataanalysisinDelphi/C++BuilderapplicationsthroughtheuseofMicrosoftExcel.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Wool. Part 1 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_65_1.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksontextilefibers,machineryandmanufacturingtechnologies,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersonwoolfiber,andwoolwashing,drying,burringandcarbonizing.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Wool. Part 2 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_65_2.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksontextilefibers,machineryandmanufacturingtechnologies,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersonwoolburringandcarbonizing(continued),openingandmixing,wooloilsandoiling,andwoollencarding.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Wool. Part 3 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_65_3.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksontextilefibers,machineryandmanufacturingtechnologies,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersonwoollencarding(continued)andwoollenyarnspinning.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Wool. Part 4 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_90_1.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksontextilefibers,machineryandmanufacturingtechnologies,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersonanimalandvegetablefibers,wool,woolsortingandtypes,andwoolscouring,drying,burrpicking,carbonizing,mixing,lubricationofwool,andwoollencarding.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Wool. Part 5 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_90_2.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksontextilefibers,machineryandmanufacturingtechnologies,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersonwoollenyarnspinningandspinningframes,andwoollenandworstedwarppreparation.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Yarns. Part 1 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_89_1.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksonyarnsandyarnprocessing,clothroomsandmillengineering,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersonyarnsfromvegetable,animal,stemandmineralfibers,yarnclassificationandtypes,clothroomprocessesandmachinery,andthetechnical,economicandengineeringaspectsofbuildingatextilemill.

title:	I.C.S. Reference Library: Yarns. Part 2 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fics_89_2.pdf
desc:	Seriesoftextbooksonyarnsandyarnprocessing,clothroomsandmillengineering,preparedandpublishedin1906forthestudentsoftheInternationalCorrespondenceSchoolsandcontaininginpermanentformtheinstructionpapers,examinationquestionsandkeysusedintheirvariouscourses.Chaptersontheconstructionofayarnspinningmill,yarnreelingandbaling,andyarnwinding.

title:	AsenSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asensoft.com%2F
desc:	Softwaretochangefileproperties,andJavascriptauthoringtoolstogeneratepopupwindowsandimagerollovers,freetrialsavailabletodownload.

title:	Atelier Web Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atelierweb.com%2F
desc:	Softwaredevelopmentandconsultancyfirmwitharangeofproductsfornetworks,communications,andprogramming.Productspecifications,screenshots,anddownloads.

title:	BAC Computer Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bacsoftware.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidesasmallrangeofsoftwareproductsforWindowsbasedPCs.Productsincludeafractioncalculator,aneducationaltoolthatperformsarithmeticonfractions,discutility,andamortgagecalculator.

title:	Barefoot Productions, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barefootinc.com%2F
desc:	Developsutilitiesanddesktopenhancements,alsoprovidesWindowscustomsoftwaredesign,consultinganddevelopmentservices.Productspecifications,Companyinformation,screenshots,anddownloads.

title:	Bersoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbersoft.org%2F
desc:	E-bookcompilers,videoandimagemeasurementsoftware.

title:	Bitsoft Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitsoft.net%2F
desc:	Windows-basedapplicationsforimageprocessing,webdesignandsomeusefultoolutilities.

title:	Blumentals Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blumentals.net%2F
desc:	Specializesindevelopmentofpopularsharewareprograms-Webtools,texteditors,systemandsecurityutilitiesaswellasmultimediaprograms.

title:	Break-Tru Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.breaktru.com%2F
desc:	Sharewareandfreewareprograms,suchasbusinessandhomeaccounting,educationalandentertainmentsoftware.

title:	Textile Mathematics. Part I 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fwt_math1.pdf
desc:	Firstbookontextilemathematicsforthetextileindustrypublishedin1920byThomasWoodhouseandAlexanderBrand,dealingwiththebasicprinciplesofcalculationdesignedforstudentsofthetextileindustry.

title:	Textile Mathematics. Part II 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fwt_math2.pdf
desc:	Secondbookontextilemathematicsforthetextileindustrypublishedin1920byThomasWoodhouseandAlexanderBrand,providingthemathematicsformachinetechnologyandsettings,andmillproductionmanagementinthetextileindustry.

title:	Textile Mathematics. Part III 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fwt_draw.pdf
desc:	Thirdbookontextilemathematicsforthetextileindustrypublishedin1921byThomasWoodhouseandAlexanderBrand,providingtheprinciplesandtoolsformachinedrawingdesignedtoassisttextilestudentsintheunderstanding,workingandsuperintendenceoftextilemechanisms.

title:	Textiles. Part I 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fbaf_txtl_1.pdf
desc:	Compilationofstudiesonmercerisedandartificialfibersandthedyeingoftextilematerials,silkthrowingandspinning,andthecottonandlinenindustries.Publishedin1910.Editor:A.F.Barker.

title:	Textiles. Part II 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory%2FOn-Line_Books&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.arizona.edu%2Fpatterns%2Fweaving%2Fbooks%2Fbaf_txtl_2.pdf
desc:	Compilationofstudiesonmercerisedandartificialfibersandthedyeingoftextilematerials,silkthrowingandspinning,andthecottonandlinenindustries.Publishedin1910.Editor:A.F.Barker.

title:	Briggs Softworks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.briggsoft.com%2F
desc:	AvarietyofWindowssoftwareprogramsincludinggames,utilities,andgraphicsapplications.

title:	Burrotech Software Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burrotech.com%2Findex.php
desc:	SoftwarehousebasedinPerthshire,Scotland.CurrentWindowsproductsincludeemailserver,imagingandscannerapplications,textinserter,andsecurityandwebapplications.

title:	Chaos Software Group, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chaossoftware.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsapplicationsforWindows,includingacontactmanagementprogramTimeandChaos,ExpressPlusemailclientsoftware,legalbilling,anddigitalcamerasoftwarenamedSplatsHTMLtomakeonlinephotoalbumsforwebsites.

title:	Cool Pup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coolpup.com%2F
desc:	SeveralgamesandEncryptionsoftwareforWin95/98.

title:	CreateInstall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.createinstall.com%2F
desc:	Createfullyfeaturedinstallationprogramsandself-extractingarchivestoapplications.

title:	CronoSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cronosoft.com%2F
desc:	Sharewareandfreewareproductsincludedesktoputilities,agame,andanetworkprogramtoplaytricksonfriendorworkcolleagues.

title:	Crystal Office Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crystaloffice.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareCompanyproduceshighqualityendWin32personalandcorporateofficeapplications.Informationanddownloadsofproducts,newsandsupport.

title:	DEK Software International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deksoftware.com%2F
desc:	Offersnetworkutilities,fax,backupandremotecomputingsoftware.

title:	Direct Logic Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.directlogic.com%2F
desc:	Downloadtranslationsoftware,utilities,andgamesforWindowsandPalmOS.

title:	DREC Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drecsoftware.com%2F
desc:	RptViewisaReportViewforWindowstoview,print,andextractinformationfromreportsgeneratedfromothersystemsandstoredasASCIIfilesonPCsornetworkdrives.Maynotsupportsomebrowsers.

title:	Duck Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ducksoftware.com%2F
desc:	Funsoftwaretoorganizemusic,movies,golf,books,andothers.[Windows95/98]

title:	Ezy Loan Calculator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ezyloancalculator.com%2F
desc:	Aprogramthatcalculatesloanamortizationtakingintoeffectextrapayments,lumpsums,andlatepayments,andinterestratechanges.[Win32]

title:	Flashpaste Lite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fflashpaste.com%2F
desc:	Autilityforquicklypastingandenteringtext.[Win32]

title:	FlashPeak 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flashpeak.com%2F
desc:	Sharewareandfreeware,currentproductsmainlyfocusonInternetutilities,textprocessingsoftwareandproductivitysoftware.

title:	Focus Software Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.focussoftware.co.uk%2F
desc:	Developerofseveralsharewareapplications.ImageDBanImagemanagementdatabase,SysSyncfilesynchroniserandSyncWebawebsitesynchroniserusingFTP.

title:	G-Lock Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glocksoft.com%2F
desc:	Downloadfullyfunctionalevaluationversionsofourproductsofadvancedadministrativetools,emailverifierandglockeasymail.[Windows9x/Me/NT/2000]

title:	Gammadyne Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgammadyne.com%2F
desc:	DevelopersofseveralWindowsprogramsincludingGammadyneMailer,DJJukebox,Scratchboard,andSelf-ExtractingArchiveUtility.Softwareoverviews,screenshots,andtrialdownload.

title:	Gate 5 Creations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gate5creations.com%2F
desc:	DesignsanddevelopssoftwarefortheWindowsplatform.SpecializeingamessuchasSwarmRampageandSwarmAssaultbutalsodevelopsothermultimediaapplicationssuchasboardgameconversionsandcompanypromotionalmaterial.

title:	GlaserTech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glasertech.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofsharewareprogramsincludingWebSMS,ISDN-Note,andGtechATS.Productspecifications,screenshots,listingofprojects,companyprofile,anddownloads.

title:	Globe Masters Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.optusnet.com.au%2Fsubzero0%2F
desc:	Develops,Chameleonastrongtoolforhidinganytypeoffile.VideoDesktopisanoverlayvideowallpaperplayerandscreensaver.[Windows95/98/ME/2000/XP].

title:	Gracebyte Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gracebyte.com%2F
desc:	CreatorsofCoolCDStudio;CDDBenabledCDplayer,NetworkAssistant;instantmessagingsoftwareforthenetworkorintranetenvironmentandOpenGLscreensavers.

title:	GTI Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gtisoftware.com%2F
desc:	SpecializeinthedevelopmentofMSWindowsapplications.ProductsincludeGTIDesktop,GTIMediaSaver,andGTIJPEGSaver.[Win95/98]

title:	Guangming Software, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guangmingsoft.net%2F
desc:	ConvertHTMLfromanyURLtoimageorthumbnails,MP3andaudiorecordingandconversionsoftware,andotherdevelopmenttools.

title:	HPL Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hplsoft.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesoftwaretoolsforWindowsuserswithabroadrangeofservices,fromMP3decodingtocontroloverhowWindowslooktosimplefileutilities.

title:	i7 Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.i7technologies.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidingsmallWindowsutilityprogramsforaspecificpurpose,'BookmanPro'easyhandbookcreation,'DiskSerializer'changetheserialnumberoftheharddiskdrive,'AuditionIT!'simplifiestheAuditioningofsampleFilesinWaveFormat.

title:	Infinite Innovations Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.randomwordgenerator.com%2F
desc:	RandomWordGeneratorforWindowncanbeusedforpasswordgeneration,orcreationoforiginalwords,andnames.

title:	Inspired Creations Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icxr.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofhighqualitysoftwarefortheWindowsoperatingsystems,andActiveXcontrolsfordevelopers.Productsare,TotalControl,theImageTiler,Foldicons,Descol,Sysclean,Backsys,andWinsec.

title:	Iolo Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iolo.com%2F
desc:	InternetandproductivitysoftwaredevelopersofMacroMagicaWindowsAccelerator,SystemMechanictokeepyourPCrunningsmoothanderrorfree,andDownloadAssistantprograms.[Win95/98/Me/NT4/2000]

title:	ipChart - The Virtual Flipchart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipchart.de%2F
desc:	Sharedwhiteboardfordistributedworkgroups:easiercommunicationintelephoneandvideoconferencesbydrawingdraftstogetherwithupto7otherpeopleviainternet.[Windows98SE/ME/2000/XP]

title:	KMR Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kmrconsulting.com%2F
desc:	PublisherofbusinessandgamesharewarethatincludePC-TimeClock,atoolthatkeepstrackoftimespentonthecomputer,andCrypto,acryptogrampuzzlegame.[Win3.1/95/98/NT]

title:	Kural Tamil Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kuralsoft.com%2F
desc:	KeyboardmanagerthathelpstoinputTamilcharactersinMicrosoftWindowsApplications.PackageincludesKavithaiTamil/EnglishWordProcessorwithspellchecker,ParavaiSMTPbasedEmailclient,Encoding/FontconvertersandOsai-Tamiltexttospeechengine.

title:	Logipole 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.logipole.com%2Findexe.html
desc:	Downloadsharewareforcapture,graphicconversion(Konvertor),filemanagement,filesplitting,andwebcreation.

title:	M & D Programs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdprograms.com%2F
desc:	AcollectionofusefulsharewareprogramsforWindowsincludingacountdownclockandscoreboardsforvarioussports.

title:	Mace Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macesoftware.com%2F
desc:	Sharewaregamesandutilitydownloads.FeaturingAlphatris,WordWarp,AlphaZap,HexxWarsII,ICQandLANplayableboardgame,eSafe2Bid,eBaybidderutility.[Win95/98/2000/ME]

title:	Magicutils 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magicutils.com%2F
desc:	OffersusersaMp3wavconverter/encode/decode,andMouseStaranapplicationthattransformthemouseintoahighlyfunctionaltool,includesasuiteofproductivitytools.

title:	NeoSoft Corp. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neosoftware.com
desc:	PublisherofNeoPaintgraphiceditor,NeoBookE-bookcreator,QuickMenuprogramlauncherandExplorerreplacement,andQMMailboxEmailutility.ProductsrununderWindowsorDOS.

title:	NextWord 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nextword.com%2F
desc:	Windowsbasedapplicationsfordesktopmanagement,professionalinformationorganizer,andMicrosoftOutlookadd-ons.

title:	Orphalese.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orphalese.net%2Findex.aspx
desc:	SiteofferingasharewaretarotdeckemulatorfortheWindowsplatform.

title:	Outer Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.outertech.com%2F
desc:	DevelopstoolsfortheWindowsoperatingsystemsandprovidesproductsassharewareorfreeware.Productsincludecacheoptimizer,internetbookmarkmanager,Windowsstartupeditorandbatchfilecreator.

title:	Papyrus Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.papyrussoftware.com%2F
desc:	Productsincludeatextfileviewer,finder,andeditor.BinaryBrowserforsoftwarecompanies,programmersandwebdevelopers.PeriscopeImageBrowseraimagebrowser,searcherandviewer.

title:	Peephole Video Capture Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.specwareinc.com%2Fpeephole%2F
desc:	Aneasytousevideoandstillimagecaptureutility,capableofuploadingstillimagestoaremotewebsiteviaFTP.[Win95/98/NT]

title:	Pixel Cube Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pixel-cube.com%2F
desc:	Entertainingsoftwareutilitiesandgames,AceReminderisamodestutilitydesignedtohelpkeeptrackofinformationtid-bits.PokerBreakisaversionoftheclassicJacksorbetterVideoPoker.BreakjackisaremakeofthepopularcardgameofBlackjack.

title:	PragmaDigm Practical Software Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pragmadigm.com%2F
desc:	Windowssoftware,featuringDocsPDiteacompletedocumentmanagementsoftwaresolution.Inadditionourpopularrandompasswordgenerator,freeaddressbookandcadfileviewerisavailable.

title:	ProjectHelp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.projecthelp.com%2F
desc:	AutomatesProfessionalServicesintomodules.IntegrationtomanyofthemarketleadingERP,PayrollandCRMsystems.

title:	Publicspace.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.publicspace.net%2F
desc:	Sharewareergonomicssoftware,andfileutilitiesforWindowsandMacintosh.

title:	Purple Parrot Programs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpurpleparrotprograms.com%2F
desc:	OfferssoftwareforWindowssuchasMediaManager,BudgetManager,variousutilities,andActiveXcontrols.Softwareoverviews,screenshots,andtrialdownloads.

title:	R.M. de Boer Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmbsoft.com%2F
desc:	Developerofprogramming,audio,andEmailtools.

title:	Rhusoft Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rhusoft.com%2F
desc:	DevelopssoftwarefortheWindows,PocketPC,andJavaplatforms,alsoprovidescustomconsultingservices.Productsdescriptions,downloads,andlistofcurrentprojects.

title:	Ring-Leader Answer_It 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhughestech.com%2Fanswerit%2F
desc:	Answeringmachineforusewithvoicemodemsandsoundcards.Recordcustomgreetingmessages,timeanddatestampseachincomingtelephonecall,alsoprovidesaCallerIDdisplay.(Windows95/98/2000/Me/NT)

title:	Roof Genius 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Froofgenius.com%2F
desc:	Roofcalculator,calculatesadetaillistofroofmaterials,andacompleteestimate.Twowaystodetermineroofpitch.Offerstipsandhowto'sonroofing.[Windows95/98/2000/Me/XP/NT]

title:	Rose City Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rosecitysoftware.com%2F
desc:	DivisionofInfiniSource.com,representsdevelopersfromaroundtheworld,featuringawardwinningsharewareproducts.CompatibilitywithallversionsofWindows.

title:	Sinner Computing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sinnercomputing.com%2F
desc:	SharewareandfreewareprogramswritteninMASM32Assemblylanguage.

title:	SoftByte Laboratories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsbl.net%2F
desc:	DeveloperofutilitiesandInternetsharewareandfreewareforWin95/98/2000/ME/NT/XP.Employmentinformation,FAQs,andonlinesupportboard.

title:	Softdd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softdd.com%2F
desc:	Varioussharewaredownloads,includingdiskandsystemcleanuputilities,cookieandcache(privacy)tools,screensaverssoftware,aviandmpegvideotools,screencaptureandprintscreenutilities,andharddrive/spacerelatedtools.

title:	SoftFolder Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softfolder.com%2F
desc:	Offerscomputersecurity,passwordprotection,e-mail,internetaccesssoftware,puzzlegames.Softwarereviews,screenshots,anddownloads.

title:	Software Scientific 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softwarescientific.com%2F
desc:	Softwareutilities,customsoftware,e-mailcheckers,graphicviewers,mortgageandstandardcalculators,andbackuputilitiesforWindowsNT/95/98/2000.

title:	Software602, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.602.cz%2F
desc:	ProductsencompassesaPDFconversion,e-mailserverwithanti-virus,andaPCSuitethatisanalternativetoMicrosoftOffice.Softwaredescriptions,screenshots,FAQs,download,andcontactdetails.

title:	SomeWare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.somewareonthe.net%2F
desc:	d'peg!willsearchoutduplicategraphicsfilesonharddrivesandinfoldersevenremovablemediadrives.Na'Mo!,abatchfileRe-namingprogram.X'SqueezeMe!,JPEGconversionandmanipulation.

title:	Spadix Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spadixbd.com%2F
desc:	Developersoffreewareandshareware,productsincludeUniversalExplorerafilemanagerandviewer,BackStreetOfflineBrowser,URLLinkExtractor.[Windows95/98/2000/NT/ME/XP]

title:	Starglider Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stgsys.com%2F
desc:	FreewareandsharewareapplicationsandutilitiesforWindows.

title:	Sytexis Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sytexis.com%2F
desc:	Sharewareandfreewaredevelopmentcompany,productsincludeofficeandentertainmentsoftware.

title:	Talking Caller ID 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.talkingcallerid.com%2F
desc:	Programthatcapturesincomingphonecallsforstorageanddistributiontoanumberofothercommunicationdevices.ActuallytalksusingMicrosoftAgenttechnologywithanimatedtalkingcharacters.Tobeusedwithcalleridservicefromlocaltelephonecompany.

title:	Talking Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rwfts.com%2F
desc:	AtalkingDictionaryandThesaurusforblindanddisabledcomputerusers.

title:	Terminal Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.terminalstudio.com%2F
desc:	Games,desktopgoodies,utilities,andPDAgamesforWindows.

title:	Tireal.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftireal.com%2F
desc:	Softwareandcontacts.

title:	TreePad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.treepad.com%2F
desc:	Multifunctiontreebasedorganizer,PIM,databaseandwordprocessor.Severalversionsavailable,andsupportsWindows,Linux,andAsian/Windows.

title:	VBGold Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vbgold.com%2F
desc:	Freewareandsharewarecomponents,controls,andutilitiesincludingformresizecontrols,printcontrols,printpreview,reportcontrols,filesplitters,serveradministrationcomponentsandtools,andauthenticationcomponents.AlsofreeVBprojects.

title:	Worship Assistant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.churchassist.com%2Fworshipassistant.html
desc:	Windowssoftwaretohelpthechurchworshipleaderkeeptrackofworshipsongsbyorchestrating,rearrangingandprintingsongs.

title:	XemiComputers Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xemico.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsvarioussharewareapplicationsforWindowsplatforms.

title:	YourSoft Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foryoursoft.com%2F
desc:	Fileutilitiesforrenamefilesandeditingfileattribute,personalinformationmanager,andMSNmessengerlog.Productspecifications,screenshots,FAQs,anddownloads.

title:	Adire African Textiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adireafricantextiles.com%2F
desc:	HistoryandinformationresourceaboutAfricanadire,adinkra,akwete,aso-oke,bogolan,ewe,kente,kuba,andnupecloths.Includesinformationonsocialorganization,processesandtechnologies.Galleriesoffabricdesigns.

title:	The Bayeux Tapestry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bayeuxtapestry.org.uk%2F
desc:	ThestoryofthebattleofHastingswherein1066WilliamtheConquerordefeatedHarold,EarlofWessex,ensuringthesuccessoftheNormaninvasionofEngland,astoldintheVictorianreplicaoftheBayeuxTapestrieswhichishousedintheMuseumofReading.

title:	A Brief History of Lace in the 1500's 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Flynnmcmasters.com%2Flace.html
desc:	Historyofthecreationofnetwork,bobbinandneedlelaceduringthereignofQueenElizabethinthe16thCentury,includingdescriptionsofthetechniques.FromLynnMcMasters'website.

title:	A Brief History of Navajo Blankets & Rugs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianterritory.com%2Fpages%2Fbrief_history_of_navajo_weaving.htm
desc:	ThehistoryofthematerialsandtechniquesofblanketandrugweavingbytheNavajoIndians,fromtheearly1800'suntilthepresent.FromLenWood'sIndianTerritoryhomepage.

title:	A Brief History of Silk Maps 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mapscarves.com%2Fhistory.html
desc:	Shortarticleaboutgeographicalmapsprintedonsilkfabrics,whichwereissuedbyBritishandAmericanintelligencetoairforceservicemenduringWorldWarIIaspartofastandardsurvivalkit.FromtheMapScarveswebsite.

title:	Eli Whitney Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eliwhitney.org%2F
desc:	Historicalon-lineresourceabouttheinventorofthecottonginandthetechniqueofmassproducingmilitaryfirearms.

title:	Fashion Era 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffashion-era.com%2F
desc:	Anoverviewoffashionhistorywithchronologicalreviewsoftrendsinfashionapparelandaccessories.

title:	Glossary of Fabric Terms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classactfabrics.com%2Finformation%2Fglossary.htm
desc:	Comprehensiveglossaryoftextiletechnicaltermsinusefrommedievaltimestothemid1900s.FromClassActFabrics.

title:	History of Florentine Costume and Textiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdocuments.medici.org%2F
desc:	PartoftheMediciArchiveProjectrelatedtothegoldenageofFlorentinetextilesandclothingmanufactureandtradeduringtheexistenceoftheMediciGrandDukedomofTuscanyfrom1537to1743.

title:	The History of Weaving 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alientravelguide.com%2Fart%2Fweaving%2Fhistory%2F
desc:	Thehistoryofclothweavinginshortparagraphs,fromtheStoneAgetothepresent.DevelopedbyZeuterDevelopmentCorporation,asaneducationalaidforCanadianschools.

title:	Hosiery History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.legsource.com%2Fhistory%2Fh0.htm
desc:	Briefhistoryinslideformofthehosierytechnologyandindustrythroughtheages,writtenbyRachelBrendleoftheHosieryTechnologyCenterforthe1998InternationalHosieryExhibition.

title:	Imatex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fimatex.cdmt.es%2F
desc:	Spain.Internetservicefortextiledesignersandresearchersoftextilehistory,operatedbytheTerrassaTextileMuseumandDocumentationCentre.Collectionofresourcelinks,searchablebymaterials,techniques,periods,designsanduses.English,CatalanandSpanish.

title:	Kuba Textiles: An Introduction 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cool.conservation-us.org%2Fwaac%2Fwn%2Fwn08%2Fwn08-1%2Fwn08-102.html
desc:	Introductiontothetraditionalsingleheddleloomclothweaving,embroidery,applique,patchworkanddyeingtechniquesoftheKubapeopleofZaire.Author:AnnE.Svenson.

title:	Martha Ballard's Diary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdohistory.org%2Fdiary%2Fthemes%2Ftextile%2Findex.html
desc:	Collectionofdiaryentries,startingatAugust3,1786,andrelatedtothehouseholdtextileproductionwhichwaswidespreadpriortotheIndustrialRevolutionintheUS.

title:	Pano - A Unique Capeverdean Handicraft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftabanka.no%2Fpano_en.htm
desc:	HomepageaboutthehistoryandtechnologyofPanonarrowstripweavingtechnique,includingphotosandareadinglist.

title:	Reconstructing Personal Style in Late Antiquity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Flw.lsa.umich.edu%2Fkelsey%2Fgalleries%2FExhibits%2FBig_Textile%2FBig_Textile%2FPersonal_Style.html
desc:	InformationresourceoftheKelseyMuseumofArchaeology'svirtualmuseum,exploringtheexpressivepotentialofdecorativetextilesandfashioninlateantiquity.

title:	Riches to Rags: Indian Block-Printed Textiles Traded to Egypt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Flw.lsa.umich.edu%2Fkelsey%2Fgalleries%2FExhibits%2FBig_Textile%2FBig_Textile%2FRiches_to_Rags.html
desc:	WebsiteoftheKelseyMuseumofArcheologydescribingthehistoryofthetextiletradefromAsiatoEgyptandEuropeduring16thcentury,asitwasuncoveredattheFustatandQuseiral-QadimarcheologicalsitesinEgypt.

title:	Sewing Threads: A Brief History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sewalot.com%2Fsewing_machine_threads.htm
desc:	Thehistoryofneedlesandsewingthreads,fromthetimemenbeganwalkingontwofeetuntiltheendofthe19thCentury,includingsewingrelatedtales.Author:AlexI.Askaroff.

title:	Stories of Cloth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storiesofcloth.com%2F
desc:	Culturallydiverseartsandheritageproject,initiatedandledbyvisualartistLesleySutton,toreflectonthepersonalmemoriesassociatedwiththeritualeventsofbirth,marriageanddeath,throughthesensorymediumofcloth.

title:	Stories of Navajo Crafts and Tradition 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.utah.edu%2F%7Emacarthu%2FNdahooah%2Fstories.html
desc:	CollectionofNavajopersonalstoriesaboutclothweaving,toldbyNavajoteachers.CompiledbyLarissaOliveraspartoftheMonumentValleyHighSchoolprojectwebsiteonconcurrentlydevelopingandlinkingtheskillsoftraditionalNavajocraftsandcomputerprogramming.

title:	Stroud International Textiles Co., Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stroudinternationaltextiles.org.uk%2F
desc:	UK.Textilepromotioncompany,involvedineventsorganizingandtoursofhistorictextilesiteswhicharepartoftheEuropeanTextileNetwork.

title:	Textile Production in Ancient Egypt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digitalegypt.ucl.ac.uk%2Ftextil%2Findex2.html
desc:	HomepageofHeroGranger-TaylorandStephenQuirkeaboutthematerials,technologyandtoolsusedintextileproduction,andfashionandclothingtrendsinancientEgypt.

title:	Textiles in History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.annatextiles.ch%2F
desc:	HomepageofAnneWandersabouttextilematerialsandproductsfromtheearlyhistoryofhumankindtillthepresentday.Includescollectionsoflinkstopublications,institutions,dictionaries,reviewsandarticles,symposiaandbiographies.

title:	Textiles of the North American Southwest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smithsonianeducation.org%2Ftextiles%2Findex.htm
desc:	HistoricalresourceoftheSmithsonianInstituteaboutthehandweavingtraditionsoftheAmericanIndianandHispanicresidentsoftheNorthAmericanSouthwestoverthepast2000years.Galleryofweavedesigns,timelineandglossaryofterms.EnglishandSpanish.

title:	The World of Beduin Weaving 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beduinweaving.com%2F
desc:	JoyMayHilden'sstudiesoftheancientBeduintechniquesofyarnspinning,dyeingandweaving.Libraryofarticles,bibliographyandlinkstorelatedsites.

title:	All About Fabrics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.all-about-fabrics.com%2F
desc:	Informationresourcefortextilefabricsbuyers,sellersandusers.Suppliers'directory.Marketplace.Designgallery.Calendarofevents.CVbankandjobopportunities.Dictionaryandlistoftextilebooks.Multi-lingualSite.

title:	CFCA. China Fashion & Color Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FTextiles%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fashioncolor.org.cn%2F
desc:	Scienceandtechnologyorganization,engagedincolorresearch,forecast,designandapplicationsintextilesandgarment,interiordesignandarchitecture,andindustrialproducts.EnglishandChinese.

title:	AdminForge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FSoftware%2FBetriebssysteme%2FLinux%2FAnleitungen%2C_Hilfen_und_FAQs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadminforge.de%2F
desc:	LinuxAdminBlogmitimmerneuenAnleitungen-WordPress,ArchLinux,ChrootSFTP,eCryptFS,PowerDNSTrueCrypt.

title:	Hemmerling Notebook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FSoftware%2FBetriebssysteme%2FLinux%2FHardwareunterst%C3%BCtzung%2FNotebook_und_Laptop&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhemmerling.free.fr%2Fhtml%2Fde%2Flinux01.html
desc:	LinuxaufNotebookHowtos.

title:	Alzex Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alzex.com%2F
desc:	HomesoftwareincludingPersonalFinancesandVisualClipboard(clipboardmanger).[WinVista&7]

title:	Computerize Your Assets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cya2day.com%2F
desc:	Homeinventoryandassetmanagementsoftware.

title:	Everything I Own 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mycroftcomputing.com%2F
desc:	Homeinventoryprogramthattrackspersonalproperty.Trackthenameofeachitem,thebrand,modelandserialnumbers,itstype,purchasedateandlocationinthehome.

title:	Hearthside Family Records 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hearthsidesoftware.com%2F
desc:	Organizerforfamilylegalandpersonalrecords.

title:	Kaizen Software Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kzsoftware.com%2F
desc:	HomeManager2004homeinventorysoftware.

title:	My Edge Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myedgesoftware.com%2F
desc:	HomeinventorysharewareforWindowsandMac

title:	Property Sidekick, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.propertysidekick.com%2F
desc:	Commercialpropertymanagementsoftwareforleasingandrentingalltypesofcommercial,industrial,retailrentalspacesandunits.

title:	Shortcutsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shortcutsoft.com%2F
desc:	RichOrPoormanagesandanalyzesfinancialaffairsforindividuals,familiesandsmallcompanies.

title:	Waverly Street Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waverlystreet.com%2F
desc:	Budgeting,expensetracking,shoppinglistandotherfinancialandpersonalutilities.

title:	Worlebird Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FOperating_Systems%2FMicrosoft_Windows%2FSoftware%2FShareware%2FHome_and_Hobby%2FFinancial%2C_Insurance_and_Home_Inventory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worlebird.com%2F
desc:	Budgetizerisbudgetingsoftwareforhomeandpersonalfinances.

title:	AlauxSoft.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alauxsoft.com%2F
desc:	Offerstoolstomanageexpenses,incomeandbudget.

title:	CalendarBudget 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcalendarbudget.com%2F
desc:	Onlinemoneytrackerandplannerusingacalendarinterface.

title:	Economic Security Planner, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esplanner.com%2F
desc:	Financialplanningsoftwareforindividualsandfinancialplanners.

title:	Essentia Software Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.essentia-soft.com%2F
desc:	NannyPay-Windowspayrollprogramdesignedspecificallyforhouseholdemployers.

title:	Gbonds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgbonds.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	USsavingsbondinventoryprogramforGNOME/Linux.

title:	Home Bookkeeping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keepsoft.com%2F
desc:	Accountingprogramthatkeepstrackofpersonalfinances.Featuresexportingofdataintoanumberofdifferentformats.

title:	Home Money Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.homemoneymanager.com%2F
desc:	Freesoftwaretohelpbudget,trackandcontrolcreditcardsandhomefinances.WindowsandJavaplatformsonly.

title:	iCreateOFX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Ficreateofx.co.uk%2F
desc:	AdesktoputilitythatconvertsfinancialdatafromCSVandQIFformatsintoOFXformats.

title:	J&L  Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jlplanner.com%2F
desc:	Retirementandfinancialplanningsoftware.[Windows95/98/ME/2000/XP]21-dayfreetrial.Threeversionsavailable.

title:	jGnash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Fjgnash%2F
desc:	Opensource,crossplatformpersonalfinanceapplicationwritteninJava.

title:	Justapps.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.justapps.com%2F
desc:	Offerscheckbookmanagementsoftware.

title:	Liquid Ledger for Mac OS X 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liquidledger.com%2F
desc:	PersonalfinancesolutionforMacOSX.

title:	Loan Applications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.1003.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareforapplyingforFNMA/FHLMChomeloanmortgageapplications.

title:	MAX Programming, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maxprog.com%2Fsite%2Fsoftware%2Fpersonal-finance%2Ficash_sheet_us.php
desc:	Offeringapersonalfinancemanagerwithunlimitedcategories.Includesproductdetails,supportforum,tutorial,anddemonstrationvideo.

title:	Medical Bills Plus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sparrow-tech.com%2Fmbplus.htm
desc:	Keepsrecordsofyourfamilymedicalcostsandensuresthatyourinsuranceclaimshavebeenpaid.

title:	Money Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.codelathe.com%2Fmmex%2F
desc:	Moneymanagementfreeware.Handlestransactionsinsavings,creditcardanddepositaccounts.

title:	MoneyBox 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moneybox.ai%2F
desc:	Financialmanagement.

title:	Moneydance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmoneydance.com%2F
desc:	PersonalfinancesoftwarethatrunsonOS/2,Linux,Windows,andanyplatformwithJavasupport.

title:	Moneyspire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moneyspire.com%2F
desc:	PersonalfinancesoftwareforMacandWindows.

title:	MT2OFX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xs4all.nl%2F%7Ecsmale%2Fmt2ofx%2Fen
desc:	SoftwaretoconverttoOFXtoallowbankdownloads.

title:	Mvelopes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mvelopes.com%2F
desc:	Envelopebudgetingsystemthatalsoworksonsmartphones.

title:	My Budget Planner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mybudgetplanner.com%2F
desc:	Personalandfamilybudgetingsoftware.

title:	OmniValue 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.milliplex.com%2Fomnivalue%2Findex.html
desc:	Investmenttrackingsoftware.

title:	The Other Software Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.othersoft.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofpersonalfinancialsoftware.

title:	Retirement Calculator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.retirementcalc.com%2F
desc:	TheRetirementCalculatordeterminesthemaximummoneyyoucansafelywithdrawfromyourretirementsavingsaccount.

title:	RichOrPoor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shortcutsoft.com%2Frop%2F
desc:	Windows95,98,ME,NT,2000orXP.Softwaredescription,FAQs,orderinganddownloadpages.

title:	SetupABudget.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.setupabudget.com%2F
desc:	Sellssoftwarethatarrangesbillsinatimetableandgivesinstructionsonpayingthemoff.

title:	ShareScope 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sharescope.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKstockmarketdataandanalysispackage.Tracksyourportfolioandanalysesmarkettrends.

title:	Simply Budgets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsimplybudgets.com.au%2F
desc:	Personalbudgetsoftwareforhomeandsmallbusiness.

title:	SpeedResearch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.speedresearch.com%2F
desc:	Webbrowserwithacollectionofautomatedstockdatalinksandresearchbrowsingwizards.Customizableforanymarket.

title:	TimeMAPS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timemaps.biz%2F
desc:	Interactivefinancialliteracysoftwareforeducational,massmarket,andmilitaryarena's.

title:	Topshare Portfolio Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topshare.com.au%2F
desc:	PortfoliomanagementsoftwarespecificallydesignedforAustralianshareinvestors.Helpsunderstandportfolioperformanceandsimplifiestaxreturns.

title:	Ultrasoft Digital Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ultrasoft.com%2F
desc:	DevelopsandsellsanumberofmobileapplicationsincludingsoftwareforconnectionwithMicrosoftMoneyforPalmOSdevices.

title:	WaverlyStreet Easy Money 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waverlystreet.com%2Fezmoney.html
desc:	Apersonalincomeandexpensetrackingprogram.Unlimitednumberofuser-definedcategories.Generatessimplereportsandexportsdata.Macroutilityforrecurringentries.

title:	Whizbal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.checkbookbalancing.com%2F
desc:	Bankreconciliationsoftwareworksdirectlywithcomputerizedormanualcheckbooks.

title:	You Need A Budget 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youneedabudget.com%2F
desc:	Offerspersonalbudgetsoftwarealongwithabook.Includessupportforumsandablog.

title:	ZilchWorks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zilchworks.com%2F
desc:	Debtreductionsoftwareforconsumers,creditcounselors,anddebtcounselors.

title:	4xLabs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.4xlabs.co%2F
desc:	Offerscurrencyexchangesoftwareandmobileapplicationsforlicensedmoneychangersandconsumers.

title:	ClearViewSys.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clearviewsys.com%2F
desc:	Moneyexchangesoftwareforsmalltomediumsizebusiness.

title:	Converter Plus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trancreative.com%2FMac%2FConverterPlus%2F
desc:	Currency,unitconverterandcalculatorforMacOSX.Includesexchangeratesfor167worldcurrencies.

title:	Cymonz Currency Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cymonz.com%2F
desc:	Currencyexchangesoftwareandappsforbusinessuse.Offerswhitelabelsolutions.

title:	Globex - Currency Exchanger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cosmin.com%2Fglobex%2Fcurrency-exchanger.html
desc:	Softwarethatconvertscurrencywithratestakenfromonlinesources.Allowspricecomparisonsbetweenonlinestoresthatusedifferentcurrencies.

title:	OpenExchangeRates.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=https%3A%2F%2Fopenexchangerates.org%2F
desc:	JSONAPIwithreal-timecurrencyratesfor165worldcurrencies.Includesfreeandpaidoptions.

title:	PocketChange Converter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forumsoftware.com%2Fcctogo.htm
desc:	User-maintaineddatabase,providingconversionratesbetweenmostinternationalcurrencies.Alsoproduceswallet-sizedconversiontables.

title:	Quaerosoft.com - Currency Converter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quaerosoft.com%2Fcurrencyconverterwidget%2F
desc:	Macbasedcurrencyconverterwhichsupportsallworldcurrencies,bitcoinandpreciousmetals.

title:	Windows 8 Currency Converter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjujubasoftware.com%2Fwindows-8%2Fcurrency-converter%2F
desc:	CurrencyconvertersoftwareforWindows8.Allowsconversionratesbetweenanytwocurrencies.

title:	XE Currency App for Windows 8 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FCurrencies%2FExchange_Rates%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xe.com%2Fapps%2Fwindows8%2F
desc:	AppforWindows8whichallowscurrencyconversionwithrealtimerates.

title:	Anke-Art-Fonts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FSoftware%2FFonts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anke-art.de%2Ffonts.htm
desc:	Handschriften-FontsvonAnkeArnold(Donationware).

title:	Account Ability 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.account-ability.co.uk%2F
desc:	CPCorporatePlanningAGsoftwareresellerintheUK

title:	ALG Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.algsoftware.com.au%2F
desc:	Corporateperformancemanagementsoftwareforcostandprofitabilityanalytics,advancedbusinessplanning,forecastinganddriver-basedbudgeting.

title:	ALT-C Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alt-c.com%2F
desc:	Businessforecastingsystemsformission-criticalmanufacturing,distributionandsalesforceautomationenvironmentswithofferingsthatincludeTimeTrendse-ForecastingandTimeTrendsForecastWarehouse.

title:	Axenda Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.axenda.com%2F
desc:	Aproviderofmulti-dimensionalbudgeting,planning,forecastingandanalyticapplicationsdesignedformid-sizetolargerorganizations.

title:	B-Plan Information Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.b-plan.com%2F
desc:	Offersaccountingandbudgetingsoftwaresystems.Includesproductbrochuresandupdates.

title:	Budget Maestro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centage.com%2F
desc:	Businessmanagementsoftwareforbudgeting,financialconsolidation,strategicplanningforecastinganalysisandreportingwithconnectivitytoaccountingsystems.

title:	Budget-Master 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.budget-master.com%2F
desc:	Onlinespreadsheetandbudgetingsoftwarewithdate-shifting.

title:	Budgeting Software Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetingjournal.com%2F
desc:	Budgetingandforecastingsoftwarenewsandreviews.

title:	BudgetLogic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetlogic.com%2F
desc:	Budgetingsoftwaredeveloper.

title:	Business Intelligence Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.businessintel.org%2F
desc:	Deliversbusinessintelligence,andanalyticsnewsandresources,includingbudgetingandforecastingsoftwarenews.

title:	Corporate Planning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corporate-planning.com%2F
desc:	Budgetingandcorporatefinancesoftware.

title:	DotRothschild - GreatBudget 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatbudget.com%2F
desc:	Offersbudgetpreparationsoftwareforindividualsandsmalltomediumenterprises.Includesdemopresentationanddownloads.

title:	Governance One 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.governanceone.com%2F
desc:	Softwareforfinancialbudgeting,planning,forecastingandbusinessvaluation.

title:	Host Analytics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hostanalytics.com%2F
desc:	Offersweb-basedanalyticalapplicationsforbudgeting,planning,performancemanagementandbalancedscorecard.

title:	InDinero 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indinero.com%2F
desc:	Web-basedsmallbusinessaccountingandcashflowplanning.Featuresautomaticimportsofdatafromfinancialinstitutions.

title:	KCI - Control 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kcicorp.com%2F
desc:	Offersfinancialmanagementsoftwarewithmodeling,budgeting,forecastingandreportingcapabilities.Includesdemonstrationrequest.

title:	Lead Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leadsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Offersactivitybasedcostingandbudgetingsoftwareforalltypesoforganizations.

title:	Longview Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.longview.com%2F
desc:	Offerscorporateperformancemanagementreportingandanalysis,budgeting,planning,forecasting,andconsolidationsoftware.

title:	Microsoft Forecaster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microsoft.com%2Fdynamics%2Fen%2Fus%2Fproducts%2Fforecaster.aspx
desc:	Web-basedbudgetingandplanningsolutionfromMicrosoft.

title:	NumberCruncher.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.numbercruncher.com%2F
desc:	Offersaccounting,budgetingandworkorderssoftwareforsmallandlargebusinesses.Includessamplereports,screenshotsandcontactinformation.

title:	Planmaster Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planmaster.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersplanning,consolidationandreportingsoftware.

title:	PowerPlan Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.powerplancorp.com%2F
desc:	Enterprise-widebudgeting,forecasting,consolidation,analysis,andfinancialreportingsoftware.

title:	Projected Financials 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.projectedfinancials.com%2F
desc:	Offeringadesktopandweb-enabledapplicationdesignedtobuildfinancialmodelsusingspreadsheetsoftware.

title:	Prophix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prophix.com%2F
desc:	Multi-userfinancialsoftwareapplicationforbudgeting,planning,financialconsolidation,managementreportingandanalysis.

title:	Questica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.questica.com%2F
desc:	Developersofbudgetingsoftwareforthepublicsector.

title:	RAC Software - FMW Enterprise 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racsoft.com%2F
desc:	Powerfulandflexibleclient/serverfinancialdatawarehouseforapplicationssuchasbudgeting,reforecasting,consolidationsandreporting.RunsonOracleorMS-SQLServerDBMSsystems.

title:	Reserve Analyst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reserveanalyst.com%2F
desc:	softwareprovidingthemeansofevaluatingtheconditionofanassociation'sfunding.Offersreports,photos,richtextandcraftsmandatabase.

title:	SAS Financial Intelligence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sas.com%2Fsolutions%2Ffinancial%2Findex.html
desc:	Softwaresolutionforplanning,reporting,budgetingandconsolidation.

title:	Softouch - JobPro Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jobprocentral.com%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwareforjob,projectormanufacturingbasedcompanies.Includesdemo.

title:	Solver, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solverusa.com%2F
desc:	Developerofanalyticsoftwareforbudgeting,forecasting,consolidations,andfinancialreporting.

title:	Spreadware Financial Tools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fspreadware.com%2F
desc:	Softwareforforecasting,budgeting,valuation,analysis,andfinancialmodelling.

title:	Tagetik 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tagetik.com%2F
desc:	Providerofcorporateperformancemanagementandfinancialgovernancesoftwaresolutions.

title:	Two Keys MoneyManager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twokeys.com%2F
desc:	AustraliandeveloperofferssoftwarewhichworkswithMYOBdatatocreateflexiblebudgetsandforecastcashflow.Featurescontactdetails.

title:	Up Your Cash Flow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upyourcashflow.com%2F
desc:	Planningtoolthatallowsyoutocreatecustomfinancialplans,budgetsandforecasts.

title:	Vision Software Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visionsoftwaresolutions.com%2F
desc:	Offersbudgetingsoftwaredesignedforpurchasingagents.Featuresdemo,trainingandsupportinformation.

title:	Xlerant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FBudgeting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xlerant.com%2F
desc:	DevelopersofBudgetPakenterpriseplanningsystem

title:	A History of Japanese Clothing and Accessories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FTraditional%2FTextiles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sengokudaimyo.com%2Fgarb%2Fgarb.html
desc:	Description,historyandphotosofmen'sgarmentswithcolorkeys.

title:	Kimono 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FTraditional%2FTextiles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theblackmoon.com%2FKimono%2Fkimono.html
desc:	Historyofthekimonoillustratedwithmostly18thcenturyexamples.

title:	Kimono Encyclopaedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FTraditional%2FTextiles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gojapango.com%2Ffashion%2Fkimono.html
desc:	Withkimonophotos,descriptions,fashioncompetitionsandrelatedarticles.DetailsdifferentstylesofJapanesekimono.

title:	The Shibori Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FTraditional%2FTextiles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgallery.passion4art.com%2Fmembers%2Fcarol%2F
desc:	CustomtextilesandartworksoftraditionalJapaneseandoriginaldesignsbyhandonthesilks,cottons,hempsandwools.

title:	World Shibori Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FTraditional%2FTextiles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shibori.org%2F
desc:	Traditions,techniques,workshopsandexhibitionslistforthistraditionalfoldedanddyedfabric.

title:	Action Software International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.actionsoftware.com%2F
desc:	ProvideshighqualityperformancesoftwaretotheMVSsystemusercommunity.Tracks,controlsandmanagesallchangestoyourMVSsystems.

title:	Allegiance Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alleg.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareforpublicTVandradiobroadcasting,fortrackingmembers

title:	Antamedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antamedia.com%2F
desc:	Providersofsoftwareforcybercafemanagementandwifihotspotbilling.Containsmanuals,downloadsandproductinformation.

title:	Antique and Art Information Network, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aain.com%2F
desc:	Inventorymanagementsoftwarefordealersandcollectors.Trackallitemswithpictures.Tracksales,purchaseandprofits.

title:	Antique Mall Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anteq.com%2F
desc:	Industryleaderindevelopingprofessionalsoftwarefortheantiquesandcollectiblescommunity.

title:	Atlas Business Solutions, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abs-usa.com%2F
desc:	Providersofemployeescheduling,humanresources,appointmentscheduling,andbusinessplansoftwareforsmallbusinesses.

title:	Bar Steward 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bar-steward.co.uk%2F
desc:	LicensedtradestocktakingWindowsprogramforofflicenses,clubs,pubs,hotels,oranylicensedbar.Theprogramprovidescurrentstocktakeandyeartodateperformancefigures.

title:	Baycastle Software Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baycastle.co.uk%2F
desc:	SoftwareapplicationsfortheSMEmarket.

title:	Bransom Retail Systems Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bransom.co.uk%2F
desc:	Computersolutionsforretailjewellers,stockcontrol,POS,labels,marketing,accounts,repairsandimaging.

title:	Business ValueXpress 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.businessvaluexpress.com%2F
desc:	Businessvaluationanddealstructuresoftwareformergerandacquisitionadvisors.

title:	CCR - Cycom Cash Register 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcycom.8k.com%2F
desc:	Cashregisterandcustomerrelationshipmanagementprogramwithsimplebutintegratedproduct/customer/contactlists.Itincludesasimplebookingsystemaswellforhairsalons.Afreebetaversionisavailable.

title:	Centric Software Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centricsoftwareinc.com%2F
desc:	Softwaredeveloperforthecow/calfindustrythatmeetstheneedsofbreedersandassociations.

title:	cfc Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cfcsolutions.co.uk%2F
desc:	Fleetandleasingsoftwaresolutions.

title:	Credex Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.credexsystems.com%2F
desc:	Softwareforsmallloanbusinesses.Calculatesloansandprintscontracts.

title:	CrestWare Inc. - AuctionStar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcodedauctions.com%2F
desc:	Afull-featuredcomputerprogramusingapatentedsystemtomanagefundraisingauctions.Producebarcodedbidmaterialforstate-of-the-artbiddingandcheckout.

title:	Custom Framer Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artframer.com%2F
desc:	Powerfulvisualizationsoftware.Addyourownimagesasart,mats,mouldings,andbackground.Easytouseandaffordable.

title:	CyberMatrix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyber-matrix.com%2F
desc:	Schedulingandtimemanagementsoftware.

title:	DevWave Software Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.devwave.com%2F
desc:	Productsincludeartgallerysoftwarewithintegratedtoolsforgallerymanagement,homeinspectionsoftwareforprofessionalhomeinspectorsandconstructionestimatingsoftware.

title:	Enggist and Grandjean Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eg-software.com%2F
desc:	Companydevelopssoftwareandwebsolutionsforfoodserviceprofessionals.Calcmenufeaturesautomaticrecipeandmenucosting,nutrientcalculation,menuplanning,shoppinglistsandstockandinventorymanagement.

title:	Fleet Management Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psi-fleet.com%2F
desc:	PSI-Fleetisacompletesoftwaresolutiontotherentalindustry.

title:	HandyWare Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.handysolution.com%2F
desc:	HandyFinancepersonalandsmallbusinessmoneymanagement

title:	Inventory Executive System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.executivpro.com%2F
desc:	Acompletesystemformanagementofsales,purchasesandpayments.

title:	JMS Systems Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jmssys.com%2F
desc:	ITSKennel,Grooming,andTrainingsoftwareforyourpetservicebusiness.

title:	Just For You Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.just4usoftware.com.au%2F
desc:	Customsoftwaredevelopment.OffersBizMan,abusinessmanagementsoftwareandPOSEforeventmanagement.

title:	Lakeview Computers plc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lakeview.co.uk%2F
desc:	SoftwareandsystemsproviderformidrangedaccountsandcommercialdataprocessingsystemsincludingInternet,e-CommerceandEDIlinks.

title:	Name Histories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.namehistories.com%2F
desc:	Nameoriginsandheraldrysoftwareforthepersonalizedgiftindustry.

title:	NSPG, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nspgweb.com%2F
desc:	EasytousesoftwareincludingNumbersCruncheraneasytousetoolfordeterminingbreakevencosts,andNationalStandardPriceGuidetocreateflatratepricebooks.

title:	Panoramic Universal Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.panoramicuniversal.com%2F
desc:	BusinesssoftwareforcompaniesinIndia.

title:	Planium Software Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planium.com%2F
desc:	Softwaresolutionsforbusinessplanningandfinancialanalysis.

title:	Prime Debt Soft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.primedebtsoft.com%2F
desc:	Softwareforcreditcounselinganddebtconsolidationbusinesses.

title:	PrintBox Technologies Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.printbox.com%2F
desc:	OffersticketsoftwareforWindowsandblankstoprintandnumberraffleandtheatertickets.

title:	PrioSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.priosoft.com%2F
desc:	PriorityOnePlusbusinesssoftwarefortheconstruction,contractor,handyman,andautomobiledealerindustries.Includescontactmanagement,accounting,andotherfeaturesspecificforeachindustry.

title:	Smart Track Information Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smartrack.co.uk%2F
desc:	Flexiblesoftwarefortrackingandmanagementofstockandinventoryfromorder,purchase,transfertousage.

title:	Soft Essentials 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softessentials.com%2F
desc:	Providessoftwareforcoinoperatedvendingbusinesses.

title:	Software Gallery, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antiques-sos.com%2F
desc:	Offerantiqueandcraftmallmanagementsoftware.Featuresincluderecordkeeping,giftcertificateproductionandsalesreporting.

title:	Sourcery Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sourcerysoftware.co.uk%2F
desc:	Softwaresolutionsforreservation,bookingandbillingsystemsandalmostanytypeofbookingrequirement.

title:	Success Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.success-systems.com%2F
desc:	Offeringturnkeystoreautomationservicestopetroleum,convenience,groceryandliquorstores.Specializeinsinglestorelocationstomid-sizechains.

title:	Thermeon Worldwide plc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thermeon.com%2F
desc:	Carrentalsoftwarefeaturingrental,reservations,fleetmanagement,insurancereplacement,internetaccess.

title:	TOSC International, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toscintl.com%2F
desc:	TheyofferMVS,S/390,IBM,andmainframesoftwaresolutions.

title:	Twenty-First Century Computer Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2F21stcenturycompany.com%2F
desc:	Propertymanagementsoftwareforhotels,motelsandresorts.Includesreservations,checkin,checkoutandnightauditing.Limitedpartnershipadministrationsoftwareforrealestateinvestmenttrusts(REIT)andotherlimitedpartnershiporganizationstocalculatepartnersdistributionsandprinttaxscheduleK-1's.

title:	uReserve Online Resource Scheduling System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uburst.com%2FuReserve
desc:	Anonlineresourceschedulingsystemthatallowsmembersinyourorganizationtoshareandreserveanytypeofresourcesuchasconferencerooms,computersystems,andelectronicequipment.

title:	Vehicle Information Management Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.iprimus.com.au%2Fdavid_richards%2F
desc:	TheCarYardInformationManagementSystemisadatabaseapplicationdesignedforthemanagementofausedvehiclebusinessinAustralia.

title:	Vision Forecasting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vision-forecasting.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinproducinginventorymanagementsystems.

title:	Windows Order Writer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FBusiness%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wow-software.com%2F
desc:	Orderwritingandscanningtoolsformanufacturersandmanufacturer'srepresentatives.

title:	Account Vision LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accountvision.net%2F
desc:	AccountingandtaxpracticelocatedinSouthernNewJersey.CertifiedPublicAccountantonstaff.

title:	Accountants Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acctsonline.com%2F
desc:	Networkofindependentaccountantsandconsultantsprovidesmallbusinessestheskillsofseasonedprofessionalsonacontractbasis.

title:	Accounting WEB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accountingweb.com%2F
desc:	Accountingsoftwarenews,accountingcareerinformation,andaccountingfirmmanagementresources.AneverydayresourceforCPAsandaccountants.

title:	Accounting-Etcetera.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Faccounting-etcetera.com%2F
desc:	Managesbookkeepingandaccountingfunctionsforsmallbusinessowners.

title:	Accounts.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.information-accounts.com%2F
desc:	Fullaccountingandbookkeepingserviceforsmallbusinessesatreasonablerates.Afriendlyandprofessionalservice,fullyinsured.

title:	AccSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accsoft.ca%2F
desc:	Providebusinessandaccountingsoftwareconsulting,implementationandtraining.LocatedinToronto,OntarioCanada.

title:	Accurate Financial Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.afsaccounting.com%2F
desc:	Prompt,professionalservicesothatyoucanfocusonwhatyoudobest.KatjaTeplyhasover15yearsexperience.inBookkeeping,PayrollandTaxes.

title:	Acme Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acmeaccounting.ca%2F
desc:	Accounting,payroll,bookkeeping,businessstartup,andfinancialservicesinCanada.

title:	ACT Bookkeeping Pty Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.actbookkeeping.com.au%2F
desc:	Professionalfinancialmanagementcontrol.

title:	Administrative Cents 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.administrativecents.com%2F
desc:	Professional,confidentialbookkeepingandadministrativeservicesforsmallandmedium-sizedbusinesses.

title:	ADSEC Bookkeeping Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adsec-bookkeeping.co.uk%2F
desc:	Specialiseinprovidingbookkeepingservicesonafreelancebasistothesmallbusiness,includinglimitedcompanies,familyconcerns,partnershipsandsoletraders.

title:	Andrews & Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andrewstaxes.com%2F
desc:	Afullservicetaxandaccountingservicewithfullbusinessresourcecenter.

title:	Artisan Accounts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artisan-accounts.co.uk%2F
desc:	Accountantsandtaxexperts.

title:	ASMCA Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asmca.co.uk%2F
desc:	Provideprofessionalaccountingandtaxationservicesandadvicetailoredforsmallbusinessesandindividuals.LocatedinScotland.

title:	Atkku 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atkku.com%2F
desc:	ARandAPmanagement,generalaccounting,documentmanagement,payrollandpayrollandcorporatetaxes.

title:	Axis Payroll 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.axispayroll.com%2F
desc:	Aguaranteed,trouble-free,completelyaccurateandhighlyefficientsolutiontoyourAccounting,HR,IT,PayrollandTaxneeds.

title:	Balance Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.balancebooksonline.com%2F
desc:	AnonlineofficesolutiontoQuickBooksusersacrossNorthAmerica.

title:	Baldwin Business Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbaldwinservice.com%2F
desc:	Accountants,taxpreparers,payrollandpayrolltaxservices;MunicipalServices;QuickBooksServices.

title:	Baldwins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baldwinsaccountants.co.uk%2F
desc:	Helpingclientsandbusinessesgrowandprosper.

title:	Beir Accounting and Income Tax, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taxhelp-expert.com%2F
desc:	Smallbusinesstaxexpertsofferfreeaccountingadvicetoindividualsandsmallbusinesses.

title:	Bier Accounting Services, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bieraccounting.com%2F
desc:	AfullserviceCPAfirmcateringtotheentrepreneurandsmallbusinesses.

title:	Bill.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bill.com%2F
desc:	Astate-of-the-artonlinesolutionforbusinessestomanagetheiraccountspayable.

title:	Bookkeepers Referral Resource 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bookkeeperresource.com%2F
desc:	Providingbookkeeperreferralstobayareabusinesses.Excellentresourceforweekly,bi-weekly,monthlyandquarterlybookkeepers.

title:	Booksweepers Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.booksweepers.com%2F
desc:	Outsourcedbookkeepingforthesmallandmediumsizedbusinessinanyindustry.

title:	Capital Advantage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.capadvantage.com%2F
desc:	Parentcompanyofbusinessesthatprovideaccounting,financialplanning,investment,propertymanagement,andsecurityservices.

title:	Century Small Business Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbizco.com%2F
desc:	Providesaccounting,bookkeeping,tax,businessconsultation,andpayrollservices.basedintheSantaMaria,Californiaarea.

title:	Check Writers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.checkwriters.com%2F
desc:	Provideawiderangeofbookkeepingsuppliesforsmallbusinesses.

title:	Checks' n' Balances Business Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchecksnbalances.ca%2F
desc:	Provideshighquality,costeffective,bookkeepingandbusinessservicesinSaskatoon,Saskatchewan,Canada.

title:	Christian & Co. Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christian-co.co.uk%2F
desc:	CharteredAccountantsforsmallbusinessesthroughoutNorthWales&theNorthWestofEngland.

title:	Christina's Bookkeeping & Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christinas.co.uk%2F
desc:	BookkeepingAccountingSelfAssessment

title:	Christopher Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christophergroupny.com%2F
desc:	Bookkeepingservicesthatwillgiveyoumoretimeforyoutofocusonrunningyourbusiness.

title:	Common Cents Outsourcing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thecommoncents.com%2F
desc:	Theyprovidebigbusinesslevelaccountingtalentandservicestoclientsallowingthemtheabilitytoleveragetheirresourcestofocusontheirsuccess.

title:	Cordasco Financial Group, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cordascofinancial.com%2F
desc:	AMarlton,NJaccountingandbookkeepingcompanyspecializinginQuickBooks.

title:	Crossroad Business Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvoffice.dillners.com%2Findex.asp%3Fxss%3DCrossRoadBusinessServices
desc:	Providesaccounting,bookkeeping,tax,businessconsultation,payrollandotherbusinessservicesyouneedmost.ServingsmallbusinessesownersinthegreaterNewEnglandarea.

title:	Cyndie Barone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyndiebarone.com%2F
desc:	Providingaffordabletaxpreparation,insuranceandplanningforsmallbusinesses,individualsandfamilies.

title:	Databoy Accounting & Bookkeeping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.databoy.com%2F
desc:	Professionalaccountants,certifiedQuickBooksProAdvisors,with20+yearsexperience.

title:	Dickson's Bookkeeping and Tax Preparation Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Fdicksonsbookkeeping%2F
desc:	Bookkeepingandtaxpreparationservicetosmallbusinessandpersonalneeds.QuickBooksAccountingsoftwareutilized.

title:	DMS Associates Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dmsandassoc.com%2F
desc:	AdministrativeSupportandAccountingServicesforbusinessesincludingbookkeeping,accountingprojectmanagement,taxpreparation

title:	Dollars & Sense Taxes & Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dollarsandsensetaxes.com%2F
desc:	Taxpreparation,accountingandconsultingservicesforindividualsandbusinessesintheSanFranciscoBayArea.

title:	Dominic Hill Associates Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dominichill.co.uk%2F
desc:	Charteredaccountants.Profileandservicesinformationwithjobopportunitiesandlocationmaplink.

title:	Dove Bookkeeping Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dovebookkeepingservice.com%2F
desc:	ProfessionalbookkeepingservicesprovidedbyaCertifiedBookkeeperandQuickBooksCertifiedProAdvisor.

title:	Downing & Associates, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.downingassociates.com%2F
desc:	Specializingintaxreturnsforbusinessandindividual,financialandestateplanning,bookkeepingandpayroll,andauditrepresentation.

title:	Dragon Financial, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdragonfinancial.com%2F
desc:	Customizedaccountingandbusinessservicesforindividuals,businesses,andorganizations.Generalbusinessconsultingandfinancialreporting.

title:	Express Business Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmeadbiz.com%2F
desc:	QuickBooksProAdvisor.ProvidestrainingandinstallationofallQBproducts.

title:	EZ Payroll Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ezpayrollsolutions.com%2F
desc:	On-linepayrollsolutionsforsmallandmid-sizebusinesses.Runpayrollyourselforgetfull-servicesolution.

title:	Farrow & Associates, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.farrowbiz.com%2F
desc:	Theyofferservicetosmallbusinesses,theirowners,andtheirfriends.

title:	FAScorp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fascorp.net%2F
desc:	QuickBooksservices:bookkeeping,accountingandhosting.

title:	Feronti-Henderson Bookkeeping & Tax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.friendlybookkeeper.com%2F
desc:	AcustomerorientedTax,Accounting,andBookkeepingserviceprovider.ServicesincludeTax,Write-up,andPayrollprocessing.

title:	Fides Partners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukincorporation.co.uk%2F
desc:	CompanyformationUKandoffshorecompanies,accountancyandbusinessstartup.

title:	Figurative Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.figurative.co.uk%2F
desc:	Affordablepayrolloperation,VATreturns,creditcontrol,accountsprocessing,managementaccounts,Sagetrainingandbookkeeping.

title:	Financial Management Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fmg-money.com%2F
desc:	Certifiedfinancialplannerworkswithsmallbusinessonbusinessloansandexistingmoneyusingpracticaltaxlaw.

title:	Fiscal Control 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffiscalcontrol.com%2F
desc:	ProvideCFOservicestogrowingcompanies.

title:	Fix My QuickBooks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fixmyquickbooks.com%2F
desc:	SmallbusinessQuickBooksconsultingandsupport

title:	Foster Results 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fosterresults.com%2F
desc:	Bookkeeping,training,andpart-timeCFOconsultingservicestosmallandmid-sizedcompanies.

title:	Fowler Accounting Services, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fowleraccounting.net%2F
desc:	Accounting,bookkeeping,tax,businessconsultation,payrollandotherbusinessservicesinthegreaterJacksonvilleFloridaarea.

title:	G Marino & Co Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cardiff-accountants.co.uk%2F
desc:	FirmofaccountantsprovidingaprofessionalaccountancyservicetobusinessesthroughoutWales.

title:	George Achillea - Chartered Accountant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.georgeachillea.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providingaccountancyandtaxationservicestosmallbusinessesandstartups.

title:	Gideon Adler & Co., CPAs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.completesiteinteractive.com%2FAdlerCoCPA
desc:	Servingbusinessandindividualsforaccountingandtaxneeds.OfficesinNYCandTelAviv.

title:	Guardian Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guardianaccounting.com%2F
desc:	Smallbusiness,investor&personaltaxaccountantinAustralia.Mobileservice.

title:	Indevia Accounting, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indevia.com%2F
desc:	OutsourcedbookkeepingandaccountingservicesforCPAfirmsinUSA.Virtualback-officeinIndiaforCPAfirms.

title:	Insight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insight.biz%2F
desc:	Bookkeepingandfinancialmanagementservicesforsmall-mediumsizedbusinesses.SpecialistsinQuickBookstroubleshootingandtraining.

title:	Intellisource Financial Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intellisourcefinancial.com%2F
desc:	Taxplanningandpreparation,financialstrategydesignandQuickBooksadvisoryservices.

title:	Invoices Made Easy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.invoicesmadeeasy.com%2F
desc:	Create,manage,customize,print,andemailyourinvoicescompletelyfree.Receiveonlinepaymentsofinvoiceswithmerchantaccount.

title:	Ira L. Marks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fimarkscpa.com%2F
desc:	CertifiedPublicAccountantandaCertifiedFinancialPlanner.Offerstaxpreparationandplanningaswellasfinancialplanningforindividualsandsmallbusinesses.

title:	Joel Shabsin & Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joelshabsincpa.com%2F
desc:	Accounting,bookkeeping,tax,businessconsultation,payrollandotherbusinessservicesintheChicagometropolitanarea.

title:	JRW Service Corp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jrwservicecorp.com%2F
desc:	Accounting,Tax,Payroll,andBookkeepingservicestoBusinessesinSantaFeandAlbuquerqueNewMexico.

title:	KatTax Business & Financial Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kattax.biz%2F
desc:	Provideacombinationofmonthlybookkeeping,payrollservices,taxpreparationandplanningservicesinSouthernNevada.

title:	Keeping the Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.business-plan.com%2Fkeeping.html
desc:	Aguideforbasicrecordkeepingandaccountingforsmallbusinesses.

title:	KM Business Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kmbs.co.uk%2F
desc:	HighqualitybusinessandaccountingservicestobusinessandindividualsinHullandacrosstheEastRidingofYorkshire.

title:	Lodovico & Associates Tax Professionals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.callataxpro.com%2F
desc:	Comprehensiveaccounting,businessplanningandtaxservicesdesignedtohelpyouachieveyourgoals.

title:	MAC Group Management Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macgrouponline.com%2F
desc:	FullrangeofManagement,AccountingandConsultingServicestocommunitiesandcommercialdevelopmentsthroughoutthegreaterDFWarea.

title:	Mangum & Associates, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mangum-associates.com%2F
desc:	Accounting,bookkeeping,tax,businessconsultation,payrollandotherbusinessservices.

title:	Matriset 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.matriset.com%2F
desc:	Offerspaperlessprocessingandelectronictransferofvoucherdatafromtheclienttotheaccountingfirm.

title:	McCulloch Accountants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcculloch-accountants-lancaster.co.uk%2F
desc:	Servicesincludecompanyaccounts,payroll,taxreturns,corporationtax,financialAdvice,companyIncorporation.

title:	MDK Bookkeeping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdkbookkeeping.com%2F
desc:	Quickbooksbookkeepingservicededicatedtoneedsofsmallbusinesses.

title:	MGK Accounting Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mgkaccounting.com%2F
desc:	Theyspecializeintaxpreparationaswellasbookkeepingforsmalltomediumsizedbusinesses.

title:	Michael G. Kissell, Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mgkltd.com%2F
desc:	Accounting,bookkeeping,tax,businessconsultation,payrollandotherbusinessservicesinthegreaterMinneapolis,St.Paularea.

title:	Michael Page Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmichaelpageaccounting.co.uk%2F
desc:	OfferingAccounting,Bookkeeping&ConsultingServicestotheOwnerManaged&SMESector.UK.

title:	Michael Sussman, Bookkeeping Consultant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eugenebookkeeper.com%2F
desc:	BookkeepingConsultantspecializinginsmallbusinessandnonprofitorganizations.

title:	Miss Efficiency Bookkeeping Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missefficiency.com.au%2F
desc:	OurbookkeepingandadministrativeservicesincludeMYOBbookkeeping,payroll,andwordprocessing.FromyourpremisesorremotelyinBrisbaneorAustraliawide.

title:	Money Talks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moneytalks.net%2F
desc:	InformationonfinanceandbookkeepingforCanadiansmallbusinesses.

title:	MTBOOKS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtbooks.com.au%2F
desc:	QualifiedBookkeeperbasedinWesternAustralia,forsmalltomediumbusinesses.Handlesalltheaspectsofbookkeeping.

title:	My Accounts Team 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyaccountsteam.co.uk%2F
desc:	Professionaloutsourcedaccountingandpayrollservicesdedicatedtoaddingvaluesmallbusinesses

title:	My Daily Money Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mydailymoneymanager.com%2F
desc:	ProfessionalsusingQuickbookstoorganizeandmanagebusinessandpersonalbookkeepingneeds.

title:	Net Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.net-accounting.co.uk%2F
desc:	SpecialistonlineaccountingserviceforsmallbusinessesacrosstheUK.

title:	NetSuite Small Business Suite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netsuite.com%2Fportal%2Fproducts%2Fnetsuite%2Fmain.shtml
desc:	ASPofonlinesmallbusinessaccountingsoftwareallowinguserstorunbusinessaccountingandinventorymanagementsystemssecurelyviatheInternet.

title:	No Fuss Accounting Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nofussaccounting.com%2F
desc:	Accountingandbookkeepingtonewandexistingbusinesses.Setupandtrainingforquickbooksandpeachtree.

title:	Northern Virginia Bookkeeping and Accounting Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nvbaccounting.com%2F
desc:	Fullbookkeepingandaccountingservices,financialstatementpreparation.Smalltomid-sizebusiness.

title:	Olsen Financial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.olsenfinancial.com%2F
desc:	Financial,accountingandmanagementconsultingservicesforsmalltomedium-sizedbusinesses.

title:	Padgett Business Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smallbizottawa.ca%2F
desc:	Providessmallbusinesswithexpertiseneededtoaddresstaxandfinancialissuesandassistthemwithbuildingasuccessfulbusiness.

title:	Part Time Professionals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ptprofessionals.com.au%2F
desc:	AnAustralia-widenetworkofover120ChiefFinancialOfficersprovidingtheirexpertiseinpart-time,projectortemporaryroles.

title:	Paul Webb FCCA Dip.M 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.financialcontroller.biz%2F
desc:	CharteredCertifiedAccountant-specialisesinworkasafreelanceFinancialControllerandparttimeFinancialDirector.

title:	Philip Nickson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philipnickson.co.uk%2F
desc:	CharteredAccountantsforsmallbusinessesspecialisinginfinancialcontrol,management,taxation.Glos,Wilts&Oxford

title:	Professional Accounting & Tax Service, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.patsllc.biz%2F
desc:	AllofyouraccountingneedsdonewithapersonaltouchArvada,Colorado

title:	Professor Tax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.professortax.com%2F
desc:	Providesfinancialservicestosmallbusinessesnationwide.

title:	Quail Oaks Financial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quailoaks.com%2F
desc:	Traditionalaccountingandbookkeepingserviceswiththestateofthearttools.

title:	Quick Bookkeeper Incorporated 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quickbookkeeperinc.com%2F
desc:	QuickBookssoftwaretrainingclassesforbeginnersandadvancedusers.Theyalsoprovidebookkeepingandpayrollservices.

title:	QuickBooks Online Community 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fquickbooksusers.com%2F
desc:	OnlinecommunityofQuickBooksusersandprofessionals.SolveQuickBooksproblems,makecomparisons,findadd-onsandtraining.

title:	QuickBooks Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myquickbooksaccountant.com%2F
desc:	QuickBooks-certifiedAdvancedProAdvisor/RetailSolutionProviderinPittsburgh,Pennsylvaniaprovidinginstructor-ledtrainingclassesorindividualconsultingservices.

title:	The QuickBooks Specialists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theqbspecialists.com%2F
desc:	TheyhelpgetbooksstraightenedoutandteachcustomershowtouseQuickBooksmoreeffectively.

title:	QuickBooksRepair.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quickbooksrepair.com%2F
desc:	DatarecoveryandpasswordremovalforallversionsofQuickBooks.

title:	Recordkeeping Book for Daycare Providers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fbiz%2Fdatamaster%2Findex.html
desc:	A130pagebookdesignedexclusivelyfordaycareproviders.

title:	Rent A Controller 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rentacontroller.net%2F
desc:	Financialmanagementconsultingservicesforsmalltomidsizedcompanies.

title:	Rodney Segraves Certified Public Accountant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.segravescpa.com%2F
desc:	Theyhelpsmallbusinessownersincreaseprofitability,decreasetaxes,avoidtaxnoticesorsurprisesingreaterRaleighandTriangle,NC.

title:	San Joaquin Bookkeeping & Tax Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjbts.net%2F
desc:	Specializinginbusinessbookkeeping,payroll,individualandbusinesstaxreturns,andtaxauditrepresentation.

title:	Sanora Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sanorainc.com%2F
desc:	AccountingservicesforsmallbusinessspecializinginQuickBooks.

title:	Sayler's Accounting & Tax Specialist INC. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saylersaccounting.com%2F
desc:	Theyprovideservicestoindividualsandbusinesses.

title:	Service Resource Group, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srgteam.com%2F
desc:	Payrollprocessing,HRadministration,A/PandA/Rmanagement,andbudgetingandanalysis.

title:	Sherwin Currid LLP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sherwincurrid.com%2F
desc:	ACCAaccountancyoffersservicesforcontractorswithspecialistknowledgeofs660aandIR35legislation.

title:	The Sleeter Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.sleeter.com%2F
desc:	CompleteQuickBooksresourcecenterfromDougSleeter.

title:	SNS Business Solutions, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.snsbs.com%2F
desc:	CertifiedQuickBooksProAdvisorspecializingincreativecommunities,includingtraditionalaccounting,ITandmonthlymaintenance.

title:	Sue Canyon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suecanyon.com%2F
desc:	Solvecashflowproblems,toolsforpricing,costing,productionplanning,organizationalmanagement,productivity,scheduling.

title:	Taurus Quest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taurusquest.com%2F
desc:	Accountingservicesandbackofficeprocessmanagementservicesforsmallandmidsizeenterprises.Highqualityandlowcost.FromIndia.

title:	The Tax Coach 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.the-tax-coach.com%2F
desc:	Taxcompliance,accounting,payroll,bookkeeping,governmentconsulting,tax-favoredinvestingandQuickBooksadvice.

title:	Thorntons Accountants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thorntonsaccountants.com%2F
desc:	Yorkshirebasedaccountantsandbusinessadvisers,accounts,self-assessment,taxandrefunds,projections,sub-contractors.

title:	Travis Raml, CPA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Framlcpa.com%2F
desc:	Providesaccounting,bookkeeping,tax,andpayrollservicestosmallbusinesses.

title:	The Wilder Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tampabaytax.com%2F
desc:	Professionalaccountingandfinancialhelptosmallbusinesses.SpecializesinQuickBooksandNewBusinessstartup.

title:	Your Tax Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FSmall_Business%2FFinance%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yourtaxoffice.co.uk%2F
desc:	Professionalaccountingandbookkeepingservicesforsmallbusinesses.Part-timeorfull-timebookkeepingavailable.

title:	Adaptive Planning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adaptiveplanning.com%2F
desc:	Provideshostedbudgeting,planning,andbusinessforecastingsoftwareapplications.

title:	Alight, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alightplanning.com%2F
desc:	Budgeting,forecasting,andreportingsoftwareforsmallandmid-sizedcompaniesaswellasdivisionsoftheFortune500.

title:	ALT-C Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alt-c.com%2F
desc:	Businessforecastingsystemsformission-criticalmanufacturing,distributionandsalesforceautomationenvironmentswithofferingsthatincludeTimeTrendse-ForecastingandTimeTrendsForecastWarehouse.

title:	Alyuda Forecaster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alyuda.com%2F
desc:	Forecastingsoftwarebasedonneuralnetworksforgeneralpurposebusinessandfinancialforecasting.

title:	Autobox 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autobox.com%2F
desc:	TimeseriesanalysisandforecastingpackagewithtestedGaussianassumptions.

title:	Cash Focus Pty Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cashfocus.com%2F
desc:	Australiandeveloperoffinancialsoftwareforbudgeting,analysis,costingandbalancedscorecards.

title:	Data Perceptions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dataperceptions.co.uk%2F
desc:	Britishsoftwarecompanyspecialisedinthedevelopmentofsalesforecasting,planningandbudgetingsoftware.

title:	Delphus, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delphus.com%2F
desc:	Softwarefordemandforecastingandinventoryreplenishmentplanninginmanufacturing,distributionandretail.

title:	Demand Works Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.demandworks.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperoftheSmoothiesuiteofforecastingandsalesandoperationsplanningsoftware.

title:	EZ Numbers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eznumbers.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesanExceltemplateforbusinessproformaandforecasting.

title:	Forecasting Software Survey 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lionhrtpub.com%2Forms%2Fsurveys%2FFSS%2FFSS.html
desc:	AsurveyfromOR/MSTodaymagazine,asofFebruary2003.Containssomepracticalconcernsinselectingforecastingpackages.

title:	ForecastPro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forecastpro.com%2F
desc:	Forecastingsoftwareforprofessionalsinsales,marketing,financeandmanufacturing.ForecastProusesprovenstatisticalforecastingmethods.

title:	IBM SPSS, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-01.ibm.com%2Fsoftware%2Fanalytics%2Fspss%2F
desc:	Develops,markets,supportsintegratedlineofstatisticalsoftwareproductsthatletuserseffectivelybringmarketplaceandenterprisedatatobearondecision-making.

title:	Internal Revenue Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irs.gov%2F
desc:	TheIRSistheU.S.governmentagencyresponsiblefortaxcollectionandtaxlawenforcement.Containsdownloadableforms,instructions,andagencypublications.Italsoincludes"TheDigitalDaily,"analmost-humorousonlinenewspaper.

title:	EDGAR Database of Online Corporate Financial Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sec.gov%2Fedgar.shtml
desc:	Copiesofforms10-KandotherfilingswiththeU.S.SecuritiesandExchangeCommission.Formsarepostedtothesite24hoursafterthefilingdate.

title:	Financial Accounting Standards Board 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fasb.org%2F
desc:	ThedesignatedprivatesectororganizationintheU.S.thatestablishesfinancialaccountingandreportingstandards.FASBstandardsarerecognizedasauthoritativebytheU.S.SecuritiesandExchangeCommissionandtheAmericanInstituteofCertifiedPublicAccountants.

title:	Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gasb.org%2F
desc:	WorkingtoestablishandimprovestandardsofUSstateandlocalgovernmentalaccountingandfinancialreportingthatwillresultinusefulinformationforusersoffinancialreports.

title:	Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcaobus.org%2F
desc:	ThePCAOBisaprivate-sector,non-profitcorporation,createdbytheSarbanes-OxleyAct,tooverseetheauditorsofU.S.publiccompaniestoprotecttheinterestsofinvestorsandfurtherthepublicinterestinthepreparationofinformative,fair,andindependentauditreports.

title:	SmartPros 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smartpros.com%2F
desc:	Resource-basedaccountingsitewitharticles,industrynews,studentstudyguides,andadirectoryoffirms,associations,andjournals.

title:	U.S. Government Accountability Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FAccounting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gao.gov%2F
desc:	InvestigativearmofCongresschargedwithexaminingmattersrelatingtothereceiptandpaymentofpublicfunds.

title:	A21 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.a21.net%2F
desc:	Abusinessaccountingsolution,e-commerceenabled,designedforsmallandmediumenterprises.

title:	Accountek Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accountek.com%2F
desc:	OffersaMacintosh/Windowscompatibleaccountingsoftwarepackage.Includesdemo,featurelistandmanuals.

title:	ACI Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aciconsulting.com%2F
desc:	Resellerofnumerousaccountingpackages,includingMASandGreatPlains.

title:	ACUMEN Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acumenbook.com%2F
desc:	Businessmanagementsoftware,includingroyaltyaccountingandjobcosting,designedspecificallyforbookpublishers.

title:	Adapta Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adapta.com%2F
desc:	Offersadaptable,integrateddatabaseaccountingapplicationswithavailablesourcecode.Featuresdemonstrationdownloads.

title:	Advanced Professional Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aps-advance.com%2F
desc:	Offersvarioussmallbusinessmanagementsolutions.Includesscreenshotsandproductdetails.

title:	Advantage Business Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accounts.co.nz%2F
desc:	Mid-rangeaccounting,contractingandmanufacturingsoftware.Offersjobandcontractmanagement,payrollandbusinessmanagement.

title:	Appgen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.appgen.com%2F
desc:	Generalbusinessandaccountingsoftwareandservicesforsmallbusiness.Includesonlineordering.

title:	Aquila Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aquilatechnology.com%2F
desc:	OffersArtemisAccountsII,aEuro-compliant,multi-currency,multi-companyWindowsaccountingpackageforinternationaluse.AlsoprovidesHRPay,apayrollandtimeandattendanceapplicationfortheUKandIrishmarkets.

title:	Asseance Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asseance.com%2F
desc:	Integratedaccountingandinformationmanagementsystemwithasmallbusinessorientation.

title:	Atronics Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atronics.com.au%2F
desc:	DeveloperoffersSQLbasedaccountandinventorymanagementsoftware.Includestutorialsanddownloads.

title:	Attache Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.attache.com.au%2F
desc:	Offersanintegratedaccounting,payrollandbusinessmanagementpackage.Includesproductbrochures.

title:	Banana Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.banana.ch%2F
desc:	Simpleandprofessionalfinancialaccountingsoftwarethatcanbeusedworldwide.(Multi-language,Multi-currency).

title:	Bhis Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhis.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersmulti-modulesoftwarespecificallycreatedforaccountantsandcompanysecretaries.Includesdemonstrationdownloadsandvideotutorials.

title:	Big Business 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigbusiness.com%2F
desc:	OfferssmallbusinessaccountingsoftwareforMacandWindowsincludingmulti-userservers.Includesdatasheets,demonstrationdownloadandonlinestore.

title:	Big E-Z 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigez.com%2F
desc:	Developeroffersbookkeepingsoftwareandformsthattrackfinancialbasics.Featurestips,onlineorderinganddownloads.

title:	Bravosoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bravosoft.com%2F
desc:	OffersaDelphi-basedsoftwarepackageforsmalltomediumsizecompanies,thatincludesfullsourcecode.

title:	BTM Solutions, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.btmsolutions.com%2F
desc:	CustomprogrammingofSouthwareExcellenceSeries(TM)businessandaccountingsoftware.

title:	C. A. T. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcatsoftware.com%2F
desc:	SoftwarePackagesaddressingthespecificaccountingtasksthatareuniquetothecarnivalbusiness.

title:	Chartered Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.charteredsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Developsbookkeepingproductsforsmallbusinesses.BasedinDerry,Ireland.

title:	Checkmagic Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.checkmagic.com%2F
desc:	PrintschecksdirectlyfromQuicken(TM)orQuickBooks(TM)onblankcheckpaper.

title:	CheckMark Software Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.checkmark.com%2F
desc:	Payrollandaccountingsoftware:CheckmarkforMacintoshandWindowsmachines.

title:	Chreos 3 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chreos.co.nz%2F
desc:	Accountingsoftwareforsmallandmediumsizedbusinesses.(NewZealand).

title:	Clarisys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarisys.ca%2F
desc:	Clarysisfocusesonprovidingacompleterangeofsoftwaresolutionsforaccountingneeds.

title:	Classic Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classic.ca%2F
desc:	ACanadiandeveloperofWindowsbasedaccountingandpayrollsoftware.

title:	CompAcct Solutions Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.compacctsolutions.com%2F
desc:	OffersBreezeBasicBookkeeperforsmallbookkeepingjobs(shoeboxtype)usingstructuredaccounting.Featuresdemo,contactdetailsandordering.

title:	Dataflow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dataflow.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersamidrangebusinessmanagementaccountingsystemaccreditedbytheICAEWwhichisEMUcompliant,WAPandE-businessenabled.

title:	Diamond Discovery Software Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diamond-discovery.com%2F
desc:	Offersaccountingsoftwareforsmalltolargebusinesses.Featuresdemonstrationandproductdetails.

title:	Digital Design International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digitaldesignintl.com%2F
desc:	DeveloperofDigitalWorksaccountingsoftware.Includesproductdetails.

title:	Dynacom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynacom.com%2F
desc:	Offersamulti-moduleaccountingpackagedesignedforsmallbusinessesinCanadaandtheUnitedStates.Featuresdemo,trialdownloadandproductspecifications.

title:	Earth Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.systematics.info%2F
desc:	OffersUnitedKingdomaccountingandpayrollsoftware.

title:	Exactlly Gold 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exactlly.com%2F
desc:	OffersinformationaboutExactllyGoldandPayPlus.Includesdemonstrationdownload.

title:	ExpressAccounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.expresstechnology.com%2F
desc:	Featuresfullyintegratedaccountingsoftware,payroll,andjobcosting.

title:	Fact Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fact.com.sg%2F
desc:	Real-timebusinessaccountingsoftwaresuitableformedium-sizedcompany.

title:	Figures and Sums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.figuresandsums.com%2F
desc:	OffersaneasytousebookkeepingsoftwarepackageforUKsmallbusinesses,non-VATregisteredretailers,soletradersandconsultants.

title:	Global Software, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glbsoft.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinfinancial,AS400accounting,andBPCSsoftware.Includesproductdemosandsupportdetails.

title:	GnuCash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnucash.org%2F
desc:	Personalandsmall-businessfinancial-accountingsoftware,freelylicensedundertheGNUGPLandavailableforGNU/Linux,MacOSXandWindows.

title:	incuTrack 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.incutrack.com%2F
desc:	Offeringaccountingsoftwareforbusinessincubatorsandtechnologycenters.

title:	Infopillar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infopillar.com%2F
desc:	Developsweb-basedaccountingsolutionforsmallbusinesses.Includesgeneralledger,receivables,payablesandinventory.

title:	Ingenuity Microsystems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ingenuity.com.my%2F
desc:	Offerssoftwarewithuserspecificcustomisablereports,andmulti-user,multi-companyfunctions.Includescompanyprofileandrecentnews.

title:	Integrated Office Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ioasoftware.com%2F
desc:	OffersAccess-basedaccountingsoftwareforsmalltomediumsizedCanadianbusinesses.

title:	Intuit Small Business: QuickBooks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fquickbooks.intuit.com%2F
desc:	Accountingsoftwareandfinancialsoftware.Includestoolstomanageyoursmallbusiness:creditcardprocessing,payrollservices,pointofsalesoftware,checksandsupplies.

title:	J.P. Brown & Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jpbrown.com%2F
desc:	Offersadaptablesoftwaresolutionsforsmallandmediumsizedbusinesses.

title:	Kea Software Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keasoftware.co.nz%2F
desc:	DevelopersofKeaCashcashbooksoftwareforsmallbusinessandsoletraders.

title:	Kernel Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kernel.ie%2F
desc:	GeneralaccountingsoftwarecompanyinIreland.

title:	Kirby, Pezzack And Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kirbypezzack.com%2F
desc:	OfferingBusinessVision32,asmallbusinessaccountingsoftwarepackage.

title:	Legler Systems Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.legler.com%2F
desc:	Providesonlineaccountingsoftware,computerprogrammingandconsultingservicestosmallandmidsizebusinesses.

title:	Money by Jumsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jumsoft.com%2Fmoney%2F
desc:	Sharewareaccountingsoftwareforsmallbusinessesorindividuals.RunsonMacOSX.

title:	More Software Tools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moretools.com%2F
desc:	OffersMSAccessaccountingsoftwarewithfreesourcecodeforsmalltomidsizebusinesses.

title:	MYOB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyob.com.au%2F
desc:	Publishesandsupportsbusinessmanagement,pointofsale,payrollandaccountingsoftware.

title:	Orange Accounting 2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orange-2000.com%2F
desc:	Lebanesefirmoffersaccountingsoftware.

title:	PageUltra. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pageultra.com%2F
desc:	SharewareintegratedaccountssoftwareforUKbusinesses..

title:	Paragon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goparagon.com%2F
desc:	Smallbusinessmanagementandaccountingsoftware,customaccessdatabasedesignandapplicationsandemployeetimeclocksoftwaresolutions.

title:	People's Choice Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peoples-choice.com%2F
desc:	AfullycustomizableaccountingsoftwarepackageforWindows.WritteninMicrosoftAccesswithsourcecodeincluded.

title:	QuickUse Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quickuse.com%2F
desc:	Integratedaccountingsoftware-freedownloadsfromthesite.

title:	R. T. I.. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internetrti.com%2F
desc:	Accountingandoperationalsoftwareforrestaurants.

title:	Red Wing Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redwingsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Providingbusinessandagribusinessaccountingsoftware,payrollsoftware,productionrecordkeeping,andfinancialmanagementtools.

title:	Saasu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saasu.com%2F
desc:	Onlineaccountingsoftwareforsmallbusinesswithinvoicing,inventory,contactmanagement,andAPI.

title:	Sage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sage.com%2F
desc:	Supplierofaccountingandpayrollsoftwaretothesmalltomediumsizedbusinesscommunityworldwide.

title:	Shepard & Associates. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shepard-saa.com%2F
desc:	AuthorizedsolutioncenterforNavisionandauthorizedmasterdeveloperforSage'sMAS90.

title:	Silicon DNA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdna.lu%2F
desc:	Softwareforthepersonalcomputerinthefinancialworld,aswellassmallandmiddle-sizedbusinesses.

title:	Smart-Act 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smart-act.com%2F
desc:	Developeroffinancialaccountingsoftwareforsmallbusinessandprofessionals.

title:	Synergration Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.synergration.com%2F
desc:	SoftwarefirmspecializinginQuickBookssync,export,andimportsolutionsforendusersanddevelopers.

title:	Track 33 Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.track33.com%2F
desc:	GeneralaccountingpackagesforSMEsincludesinformationabouteachcomponent,pricinginformationandcontactdetails.

title:	VillageMall Pty Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FAccounting%2FSmall_Business&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.villagemall.com.au%2F
desc:	Providesweb-basedbusinessaccountingsoftware.Includesdemoandproductcomparisons.

title:	Innovation House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infinn.com%2F
desc:	Resources,tools,software,tutorialsandinformationforcreativethinking,lateralthinking,problemsolving,creativityandbrainstorming.

title:	Institute for Strategy and Competitiveness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FStrategy_and_Forecasting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isc.hbs.edu%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothestudyofcompetitionanditsimplicationsforcompanystrategy;thecompetitivenessofnations,regions,andcities;andtherelationshipbetweencompetitionandsociety.

title:	BeterScoren 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beterscoreninonderwijs.nl%2F
desc:	Biedtondersteuningbijvraagstukkenophetgebiedvanleiderschapenstrategieontwikkelinginhetonderwijs.

title:	Brainstormnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.groupdecisionroom.nl%2F
desc:	Gespecialiseerdinhetbegeleidenvanstrategischeoverlegsessies.MetinformatieoverdedienstenenFAQ.

title:	GITP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gitp.nl%2F
desc:	HRD-adviesbureaugespecialiseerdinvraagstukkenomtrentinzichtenontwikkelingvanindividuenorganisatie.

title:	Human Utility Power BV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hup.nu%2F
desc:	Gespecialiseerdinvraagstukkenophetsnijvlakvanorganisatie,managementenICT.Metinformatieoverhetbedrijfendeaanpak.

title:	De Kleine Consultant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dekleineconsultant.nl%2F
desc:	Non-profitstrategieadviesbureaudatwordtgeleiddoorstudenten.

title:	Leika Consult BV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leika.nl%2F
desc:	Verleentondersteuningbijmultidisciplinairebedrijfsvraagstukkenrondstrategievormingenbusinessdevelopment.

title:	Management & Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.managementenconsulting.nl%2F
desc:	Platformvoororganisatieprofessionals.Metnieuws,vacatures,opleidingenenoverzichtvanadviesbureaus.

title:	Monitoring Commissie Corporate Governance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.commissiecorporategovernance.nl%2F
desc:	InformatievesiteoverdeNederlandsecorporategovernancecode

title:	Vijfkrachtenmodel van Porter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.5krachtenmodel.nl%2F
desc:	Geeftuitlegovereenstrategischmodeldatwordttoegepastomdeaantrekkelijkheidvaneenmarktbepalen.

title:	Visie & Strategie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visie-strategie.nl%2F
desc:	Informatievesitediehulpbiedtbijhetformulerenvaneenstrategischplan.

title:	Zebra Management Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement%2FStrategie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zebramc.com%2F
desc:	Zelfstandigstrategieadviseurondersteuntorganisatiesbijcomplexevraagstukken,vaakmeteentechnologischcomponentofbijturnaround.

title:	Dampfmodell.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHobbys%2FModellbau%2FSchiffe%2FRC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.aon.at%2Fneumeise%2F
desc:	DerBastlerbietetWissenswertes,BilderundTippsrundumdenBauvonModell-Dampfschiffen.

title:	Saltwell Park Model Boat Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FModels%2FBoats_and_Ships%2FRC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spmbc.0catch.com%2F
desc:	Providespicturesgallery,eventsandawards.

title:	The SubCommittee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FModels%2FBoats_and_Ships%2FRC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.subcommittee.com%2F
desc:	Peopleinterestedinsubmarines,primarilythebuildingofsubmodels,bothstaticandradio-controlled.

title:	A.C. Model Boats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww3.telus.net%2Facboats
desc:	Modelradiocontrolledboatsandsupplies.

title:	Astec Models and Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astecmodels.co.uk%2F
desc:	Accessories,electronics,hardware,hulls,motorsandprops.

title:	Blew By You Boatworks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbyracing.com%2F
desc:	CustombuiltRCboats

title:	Chesapeake Performance Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rcyachts.com%2F
desc:	FeaturingtheCR-914radiocontrolledsailboat.ThisonedesigncupraceristhenewestandhottestclassintheAmericanModelYachtingAssociation(AMYA).

title:	Ellwood Hobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fpa4%2Fellwoodhobby%2F
desc:	OffersKandBenginesandpartsforR/Cboating.Orderbyemail.

title:	Enforcer RC Boats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenforcerrcboats.com%2F
desc:	Gasboats,parts,accessories.

title:	Expresscraft Boats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fexpresscraft.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturesandsellslargescalefiberglasskits,somealsoavailablereadytorun.

title:	Firefox - Fine Design Manufacturing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.finedesignrc.com%2F
desc:	Carriesafulllineofequipmentforremotecontrolledfastelectricmodelboats.

title:	Harbor Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harbormodels.com%2F
desc:	Acompleteselectionofmodelboats,books,andaccessoriesfromtheworld'sleadingmanufacturers.

title:	Hyperformance Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyperprod.bizhosting.com%2F
desc:	Sellshighperformanceboatsandmotors,fasteners,andapparel.

title:	Mack Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mackproductsrc.com%2F
desc:	Gas,electricandsail,boats,partsandaccessories.

title:	Marine Specialties 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marinespecialties-rc.com%2F
desc:	Radiocontrolledgasboatsandparts.

title:	Prestich Model Power Boats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prestwich.ndirect.co.uk%2F
desc:	Nitroandelectricspeedboats.

title:	S&G Craft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sgcraft.com%2F
desc:	Homeof1/4scaleclassicboatkits.

title:	Seaworthy Small Ship 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seaworthysmallships.com%2F
desc:	Hasdevelopedafleetofworkingwoodenpondmodels.

title:	Worth Marine, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worthmarine.com%2F
desc:	Rigging,fittingsandhardwareformodelyachts.

title:	Ace! Management Partners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ace-management-partners.nl%2F
desc:	Ondersteuninginsales,marketing,communicatie,businessdevelopment,managementenorganisatie.Kenniscentrummetartikelen,crashcoursesenmanagementmodellen.

title:	Adviesbureau Prof. dr. P.A.E. van de Bunt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vdbconsulting.com%2F
desc:	Managementadviesbureauvoormetnamegrotebedrijvenenorganisaties.Deaanpakisgestoeldoptheorieenpraktijk.Hetbureauonderhoudtgoedecontactenmetdeuniversitairewereldinbinnen-enbuitenland.

title:	Adviesbureau Zadoks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zadoks.nl%2F
desc:	Adviseertorganisatiesindezorgsectorinonderanderebeleid,management,zorgvernieuwing,intersectoralesamenwerkingenmethodiekontwikkeling.

title:	Alforto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FManagement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alforto.nl%2F
desc:	Ondersteuntdirectiesdoorteluisteren,goedwaartenemen,helderebesturingsconceptenovertebrengenopdemedewerkesendaadwerkelijkeverbeteringenterealiseren.

title:	2 Dog RC Warehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.2dogrc.com%2F
desc:	Sellingnewandusedplane,car,andboats.Alsosellfoamairplanekits,parts,andNASCARdiecastcars.

title:	Aero-Model 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aero-model.com%2F
desc:	Sellshackerbrushlessmotorsandelectronicspeedcontrollers,radiocontrolledairplanesandspecialtyradiocontrolledaccessories.

title:	Atlanta Hobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atlantahobby.com%2F
desc:	Featuringaircraftandradiocontrolledmodelairplanes,slowflyers,parkflyers,boats,helicoptersandparts.

title:	Best RC Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bestrcshop.com%2F
desc:	Providesradiocontrolledmodelsplanes,helicopters,boats,cars,enginesandaccessories.

title:	Boca Bearing Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bocabearings.com%2F
desc:	Companyhasthelargeststockofminiatureballbearingsforhobbyandindustry.Onlinecatalogueanddealerlocator.

title:	Chief Aircraft Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chiefaircraft.com%2F
desc:	SourceforRCmodelairplanes,helicopters,enginesandbuildingsupplies

title:	Competition Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.competitionelectronics.com%2F
desc:	Offersproductsforremotecontrolcars,parkflyers,andshooting.

title:	Crazy Hobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crazyhobby.net%2F
desc:	Cars,planesandhelicopters.

title:	Dinball Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rcmart.com%2F
desc:	Featuringradiocontrolcars,parts,engines,batteriesandaccessories.

title:	Go2Best 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fshop.go2best.com%2F
desc:	Specializinginracingcars,enginesandaccessories.

title:	Graupner Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.graupner.de%2F
desc:	Germanfactorysalesofmodelaircraft,boats,cars,RCequipment,enginesandaccessories-Bilingual.

title:	HiModel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.himodel.com%2F
desc:	Offersairplanes,carsandboats,andalsoradios,partsandcomponents.

title:	Hobby Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbyclub.com%2F
desc:	OnlinesalesofalltypesofRCmodels;includingcars,boats,planes,andaccessories.

title:	Hobby Estore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobby-estore.com%2F
desc:	Offersawidevarietyoftoysandradiocontrolledmodelssuchaselectricorgaspoweredcars,airplanes,helicopters,tanks,andboats.

title:	Hobby Etc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbyetc.com%2F
desc:	RetailerandimporterforGPMRacingProducts.

title:	Hobby Heroes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhobbyheroes.com%2F
desc:	RCspecialistincars,airplanes,helicoptersandboats.

title:	Hobbytron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbytron.com%2F
desc:	Offeringreadytoruncars,trucks,boats,airplanes,submarines,andpartsandcomponents.

title:	Horizon Hobby Distributors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.horizonhobby.com%2F
desc:	OnlinesalesofalltypesofRCmodels,kitsandaccessories.

title:	Hunter Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huntersystems.co.uk%2F
desc:	Kits,accessoriesandparts.

title:	Inwood Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inwoodmodels.co.uk%2F
desc:	Carandaircraftkits,enginesandradios,parts,accessoriesandtools.Sitemaynotworkinsomebrowsers.

title:	Micro RC Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmicrorcracing.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Smallscaleradiocontrolledcarsandflyers.Productdescriptions,news,eventsandcontactandorderinformation.

title:	Model Engine Company Of America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mecoa.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Modelenginesforairplanes,boatsandcars.Orderbyphone,email,ormail.

title:	Model Flight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelflight.com.au%2F
desc:	Offeringavarietyofairplanes,cars,boatsandhelicopters.

title:	Model Land Yachts, Unlimited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modellandyachts.com%2F
desc:	Landsailinginaparkinglot,scalemodeldirtboatsandkits.

title:	MTH Hobby Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mth.com.tw%2F
desc:	Taiwanmanufacturer/developerofbalsa-constructedRCmodelplanesandgliders,foamplanes,RCcarparts,tools,andaccessories.

title:	National Balsa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalbalsa.com%2F
desc:	SupplierofbalsaandbasswoodsuppliestotheRCmodelindustryandmodelbuilder.

title:	OmniModels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omnimodels.com%2F
desc:	Radiocontrolledmodelsandaccessories.Over35,000items.

title:	Planethobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planethobby.com%2F
desc:	Sellsacompletelineofenginesforaircraft,control-lineracing,speedeventsandhelicopters.

title:	Plantraco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microflight.com%2F
desc:	Radiocontrolledflyingsaucersandblimps.Productdata,videos,andcompanydata.

title:	RB Innovations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rbinnovations.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturerandsellerofRCnitrosuperchargers.AlsoofferscustomRCdesignservices.

title:	RC Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rc-hobbies.com%2F
desc:	Offersarangeofcars,trucks,planes,helicoptersandaccessories.

title:	RC Planet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rcplanet.com%2F
desc:	Providesavarietyofcars,trucks,boats,andairplanes.

title:	RC SurfRider 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rcsurfrider.com%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyofequipmentandparts.Providesalsoinformation,photos,videos,andforum.

title:	RcCarMax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rccarmax.com%2F
desc:	DistributorofnitroRCcars,buggies,trucks,helicopters,boatsandRCtoys.

title:	Rotor Hobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Frotor.com.sg%2F
desc:	GeneralRCkits,parts,engines,andradiosfromSingapore.Orderbye-mail,phone,orfax.

title:	Slough Radio Control Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sloughrc.com%2F
desc:	Providesaircraft,helicopters,car,boatsandaccessories.Alsoprovidesparts'plansandinformation.

title:	Strongsville Hobby Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strongsvillehobby.com%2F
desc:	DealerofRCproducts,cars,planes,boats,andhelicopters.Withreadytorunkitsandbuildityourselfkitsaswell.Alsodie-cast,collectiblesandtrains.

title:	TankZone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tankzone.co.uk%2F
desc:	Tanks,kitsandbuilt.Someshootlivebb's.

title:	Tower Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.towerhobbies.com%2F
desc:	Radiocontrolmodels,parts,andbuild-your-ownservice.Onlineproductinformationandordering.

title:	Trend Times 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels%2FRadio_Control&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trendtimes.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesavarietyofRCcarsandhelicopters,airsoftguns,scooters,andsciencetoys.Includeswholesaleinformation.

title:	A2M on line shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.a2mweb.com%2F
desc:	Makesandsellsslotbodycars1/32inresinofclassicmodelsandSpanishrailwaymodelsH0handmade.

title:	Aero Art Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theaeroartcompany.com%2F
desc:	Sellsairplane,helicopter,car,andNASCARmodelkitsinvariousscales.Alsodiecastandcollectibles.

title:	Aero Racers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aeroracers.com%2F
desc:	Wooddragsters,airplanesandboats,andsupplementalcurriculummaterials.

title:	Anigrand Craftswork 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anigrand.com%2F
desc:	Resinmodelkitofairplane,spacecraft,helicopter,VTOLmilitaryvehicle,experimentalaircraftprototypeandsciencefictionkits.

title:	Aviapress.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviapress.com%2F
desc:	Sellsmodelkits,militarybooksandmagazines.

title:	Blap Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blapmodels.com%2F
desc:	Offersresincastingdisplaymodelspatternmakingsuchasrocketsandconversionkits.

title:	BRS Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brshobbies.com%2F
desc:	Providesrocketsandcarkits,partsandaccessories.

title:	Build Model Castles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buildmodelcastles.com%2F
desc:	Offersplansandinstructionsformedievalscalecastles,andabookaboutbuildingthem.

title:	Carairo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carairo.com%2F
desc:	Offersdie-castandplasticaircraftandcarsandDVDs.

title:	CheshireModels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cheshiremodels.co.uk%2F
desc:	Sellsradiocontrolmodels,railway,dollshouses,craftproducts,sparepartsandofferingarepairservice.

title:	David J Parkins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.djparkins.clara.net%2F
desc:	Acollectionofmultimediamodelsandconversionsetsformilitary,aircraft,train,andnavalmodels.

title:	Delta International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ares.cz%2F
desc:	Militaryandcivilianvehiclekits,figures,anddioramaaccessories.

title:	Discount Train and Hobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.discount-train.com%2F
desc:	Stockswideselectionofmajorbrandsofdiecastcollectibles.

title:	Dragon USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dragonusaonline.com%2F
desc:	Offersplasticmodelkitandactionfigures.Providespicturesofsprues,boxesandinstructions.

title:	East Coast Model Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greathobbies.com%2F
desc:	Offersradiocontrolledmodels,freeflight,controlline,plasticanddiecast,railroad,rocketsandstaticshipmodels.

title:	ETamiya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etamiya.com%2F
desc:	Scalemodels,remotecontrolledcarsandtrucks,andtools.

title:	Factory Direct Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.factorydirectmodels.com%2F
desc:	Custommademodelsandscalereplicasincludingcars,aeroplanes,helicoptersandships.

title:	Hannants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hannants.co.uk%2F
desc:	Storespecializinginmodelkits.

title:	Hirst Arts Fantasy Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hirstarts.com%2F
desc:	Offeringrubbermoldsofscalestoneandbrickpatternsformodelfinishing.

title:	Hobby Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbycentralrc.com%2F
desc:	OffersalargerangeofRCandslotscars,books,toysandsportequipment.

title:	Hobby Connection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbyconnection.net%2F
desc:	Specializinginrockets,trains,andremotecontrolvehicles.

title:	Hobby People 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbypeople.net%2F
desc:	Radiocontrolkitsandaccessoriesaswellasstaticmodels,rockets,trains,boats,slotcars,andsupplies.

title:	Hobby Surplus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbysurplus.com%2Fhobbysurplus.htm
desc:	Featurestrainsinallscales,models,slotcars,rockets,radiocontrol,cannons,andlivesteam.

title:	Hobby Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobby-time.com%2F
desc:	Offersplasticairplanes,military,cars,ships,androckets.Alsorailroadingsupplies.

title:	Hobbylinc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbylinc.com%2F
desc:	Offersrockets,plasticmodels,diecastmodels,woodenboats,airbrushes,paints,trains,andaccessories.

title:	HobbyTerra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hobbyterra.com%2F
desc:	PlasticmodelkitsfromformerUSSRmanufacturers.

title:	Homemedia4u 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.homemedia4u.com%2F
desc:	Offersarangeofpostersandanimefigureandmodelkits.

title:	Hurricane Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hurricanemodels.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providesradiocontrolledandstaticmodelssuchasaircraft,boats,carsandcomponentsandparts.

title:	Internet Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internethobbies.com%2F
desc:	Offersaselectionofwoodenandplasticplanes,trains,boats,andcars.

title:	Italian Model Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.italianmodelshop.com%2F
desc:	FeaturingplasticandresinmodelkitsofItalianhandmademodelcars,airplanesandships.

title:	JAG Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaghobbies.com%2F
desc:	Controllineplanes,slotcars,actionfigures.

title:	Jaguar Models, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaguarmodels.com%2F
desc:	PlasticandresinmilitarymodelkitsfromJapan,Europe,USA,andAsia.

title:	King Kong Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkingkonghobbies.com%2F
desc:	Offersalargeselectionofmodelkits,RC,suppliesandaccessories.

title:	KLM Huisjes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.klm-huisjes.nl%2F
desc:	MakesAmsterdamhouses,monumentsandpalace.

title:	LuckyModel.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luckymodel.com%2F
desc:	Offeringalargeselectionofaircrafts,helicopters,andaccessories.

title:	The M Workshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themworkshop.com%2F
desc:	Providesavarietyofservicesincludingcommissionedmodelmaking,lessons,andproducts.

title:	Marionville Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marionvillemodels.com%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyofradiocontrolledmodelsincludingcars,helicopters,planes,boatsandtanks.Alsoprovidesplastickitsanddiecastmodels.

title:	Mega Hobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.megahobby.com%2F
desc:	Includesplasticmodeling,woodenships,toolsandpaint.

title:	Miniatures by Eric 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miniaturesbyeric.com%2F
desc:	Railroaddetailpartsandurethanekits,and1/25scaleautoenginekits.

title:	MiniWheels online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miniwheels-online.com%2F
desc:	Sellsfarm,trucks,tractorsandmachinery.

title:	Mirage Hobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mhshop.pl%2F
desc:	Sellsresinandplasticmodels,figures,RC,railwaymodels,andslotcars.

title:	Model Empire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmodelempireusa.com%2F
desc:	Offersawideselectionofmodelsanddiecastproducts.

title:	Model Frontier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelfrontier.com%2F
desc:	Offersdiecastandplasticmodelsandkitssuchasaircratf,policeandfire,andships.

title:	Model Shipways, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelexpo-online.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofmodelshipsaswellasrelatedhobbytools.Includesbooks,paint,fittings,andglue.

title:	The Model Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelshop-northants.co.uk%2F
desc:	Supplierofalltypesofmodels.

title:	Model Warehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelwarehouse.biz%2F
desc:	Militaryandsci-fikitsandfigures,backgroundmaterials,andpaint.

title:	Modelimex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelimex.com%2F
desc:	Sellsplasticandresinmodelsofaircraft,cars,militaryequipment,accessories,decalsandpublicationsfromproducersfromCzechRepublic,Russia,PolandorUkraine.

title:	Modeller's Choice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modellerschoice.com%2F
desc:	Trains,planesandautomobiles.Models,kits,toolsandsupplies.

title:	Models For Sale Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelsforsale.com%2F
desc:	Discontinued,secondhandandnewplasticmodelkitsfromAirfix,Tamiya,Revell,Italeri,Esci.

title:	Moebius Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moebiusmodels.com%2F
desc:	SellsclassicTVmodelskits.

title:	Monroe Perdu Studios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monroeperdu.com%2F
desc:	Militaryandarchitecturalresindioramacomponentsandaccessories.

title:	Mr Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrmodels.co.nz%2F
desc:	Plastickits,diecastvehicles,figures,rockets,railroad,books,andaccessories.

title:	MyHobbyStore Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myhobbystore.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersplans,kitsandtoolsformodelaircraft,boatsandengineering.UKsitedeliversworldwide.

title:	Nassau Hobby Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nassauhobby.com%2F
desc:	Offersnewandcollectibletrains,RCcars,planesandboats.

title:	North Coast Slot Cars and HO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncphobbies.com%2F
desc:	Featuresslotcars,models,rockets,games,radiocontrol,telescopes,diecastandotherhobbyitems.

title:	Old Model Kits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldmodelkits.com%2F
desc:	Carriesavarietyofoutofproductionandhardtofindaircraftandshipmodelkitsfromthe1950s-1990s.

title:	P and D Hobby Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pdhobbyshop.com%2F
desc:	Providerofmodeltrains,remotecontrolcars,airplanemodels,paint,decals,andsupplies.

title:	Plastic Model Kits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelkitsonline.com.au%2F
desc:	Offersarangeofmodelkitsofaircraft,ships,bikes,carsandtrucks.

title:	Prestige Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prestigehobbies.com%2F
desc:	Offersplastickits,diecastcars,NASCARandNHRAcollectibles,modeltrains,woodenmodels,andsupplies.

title:	Promotex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.promotex.ca%2F
desc:	Sellsscalemodelsforexecutives,collectors,enthusiasts,modelrailroadersandpromotionalpurposes.

title:	Replicas by Tyson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.replicasbytyson.com%2F
desc:	Onlineselectionoflimitedproductiontinplateanddiecastreplicas.Specialtyisprovidingcustombuiltdisplays.

title:	Roxley Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roxleymodels.co.uk%2F
desc:	SpecializinginhandbuiltUKpostofficemodelsandasupplierofvariousmodels.

title:	Scale Rail Model Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scalerail.com%2F
desc:	Offersmodeltrains,kitsandaccessories.

title:	Scrapyard Sculptures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scrapyardsculptures.co.uk%2F
desc:	Handmadesciencefictionsculpturesandmodels,madefromsteelandscrapmetalitems,weldedintoavarietyofartisticcreations.

title:	Sell-it-easy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sell-it-easy.de%2F
desc:	Offerssteamengines,doll'shouses,shipmodels,die-cast,historicbuildingmodels,stirlingenginesandProxxontools.

title:	Sherwood Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sherwoodmodels.co.uk%2F
desc:	Retailersofmodelgoods.Modelrailwaysconstructed.

title:	Simon Architectural Model 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.simonmodel.com%2F
desc:	Featuresavarietyoftreesinavariousscales.

title:	Southern Motorsport Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smhracing.com%2F
desc:	Featuresvarioustypesofsupplies,kits,decals,paints,diecast,andaccessories.

title:	Specialized Balsa Wood 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.specializedbalsa.com%2F
desc:	Specializeincustomcutsandselectingbalsawoodsticksorsheetstailored.

title:	Sprue Brothers Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fspruebrothers.com%2F
desc:	Featuringvariousmilitaryplasticmodelkitsandrelatedsupplies.

title:	Tower Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plastic-models.com%2F
desc:	Comprehensiveselectionofplasticmodelcars,airplanesandships.

title:	Tractor Connection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tractorconnection.nl%2F
desc:	Providesarangeminiatures,especiallyagriculturemodels.

title:	Trains and Things Hobbies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.traversehobbies.com%2F
desc:	Sellsawideassortmentofscalemodels,tools,andaccessories.

title:	Transport Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transportmodels.co.uk%2F
desc:	Includesplastickitsandfigures,diecastmodels,books,airbrushes,andslotcars.

title:	Uptown Sales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uptownsales.com%2F
desc:	Offersmodelrocketry,railroadtrains,homebrewing,winemaking,hobbies,supplies.

title:	Wonderland Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FRecreation%2FModels&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wonderlandmodels.com%2F
desc:	Sellsairplanes,aircraft,rockets,radiocontrolledcars,partsandaccessories.

title:	WOOSUNG I.B. CO.,LTD. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FKorean%2F%EC%97%AC%EA%B0%80%2C%EC%B7%A8%EB%AF%B8%2F%EC%95%BC%EC%99%B8%ED%99%9C%EB%8F%99%2C%EB%A0%88%EC%A0%80&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zebecboat.com%2F
desc:	Rafting,boats,motorboats,kayakandcanoes.Manufacturingandsailing.

title:	Eurostar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurostar.com%2F
desc:	Thehigh-speedpassengertrainoperatingbetweentheUKandEurope.Fares,timetablesandbookingsinformation.

title:	French National Railways 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.voyages-sncf.com%2F
desc:	Timetableandreservationsfortraintickets,purchaserailcards.

title:	Aktiva Tours 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FReizen%2FActieve_Vakanties%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aktivatours.nl%2F
desc:	Specialistinfietsreizen,zowelindividuelereizenalsgroepsreizen.

title:	Building Big 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fbuildingbig%2Fskyscraper%2Findex.html
desc:	Thissiteexplainstheconstructionprocessoftallbuildingsandcoversfactsofacollectionofskyscrapersacrosstheworld.

title:	Emporis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emporis.com%2Fapplication%2F
desc:	Aninternationalteammaintainsthisdatabaseoftallbuildings,navigatedbymapandlist.Alsolistsconstructioncompaniesandarchitects,andsuppliesnews.

title:	Great Buildings: Skyscrapers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatbuildings.com%2Ftypes%2Ftypes%2Fskyscraper.html
desc:	Images,information,and3DmodelsofaselectionofskyscrapersaroundtheworldfromGreatBuildingsOnline.

title:	The High-Rise Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xs4all.nl%2F%7Ehnetten
desc:	Articles,imagesandwallpapersofthetallestbuildingsintheworld.

title:	How a Skyscraper is Made 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madehow.com%2FVolume-6%2FSkyscraper.html
desc:	Background,history,rawmaterials,design,andtheconstructionprocessofskyscrapers,fromThomsonGale'sHowProductsAreMade.

title:	How Skyscrapers Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscience.howstuffworks.com%2Fskyscraper.htm
desc:	ThisillustratednarrativebyTomHarrisfromHowStuffWorksexplainsthatthemaintechnologicaladvancementthatmadeskyscraperspossiblewasthedevelopmentofmassironandsteelproduction.

title:	Skylines and Scrapers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftudl0867.home.xs4all.nl%2Fskystats.html
desc:	EgbertGramsbergenpresentsworldwidehighrisestatistics,usinggraphsandvariousrankingmethods.

title:	Skyscraper Architecture: Tallest Buildings in the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-architect.co.uk%2Fworld_skyscrapers.htm
desc:	Informationandpicturesofthetallestbuildingsintheworld.

title:	The Skyscraper Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skyscraper.org%2F
desc:	Private,not-for-profit,educationalcorporationdevotedtothestudyofhighrisebuildings.Exhibitsandinformationonthearchitecture,materials,andphysicsofhighriseconstruction.

title:	Skyscraper Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fskyscraperpage.com%2F
desc:	Dylanpresentsanillustrateddatabaseoftheworld'stallestbuildings.Theillustrationsdrawntoonescalemakeiteasytocompareheightsinternationallyorwithinacity.Includesdatesandarchitects.

title:	Stock.xchng: Skyscrapers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sxc.hu%2Fcategory%2F1081
desc:	Royaltyfreestockphotographycommunity-imagesintheskyscraperscategory.

title:	The Tallest Buildings in the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tallestbuildingintheworld.com%2F
desc:	Alistofthetallestbuildingsintheworld,withagraphicshowingthetallest.

title:	UrbanDB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.urbandb.com%2F
desc:	AcomprehensivedatabaseofGreaterTorontoAreaconstructionandskyscraperdevelopmentactivities.

title:	Wicked Tall Buildings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wickedtallbuildings.com%2F
desc:	Drawingsofskyscrapersfromacrosstheworld.Withapersonaltouch.

title:	Wikipedia: Skyscraper 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FSkyscrapers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSkyscraper
desc:	Acomprehensivearticlefromthecollaborativeonlineencyclopediaontheskyscraper'shistoricaldevelopment.

title:	Monnaie de Paris 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FRegions%2FIle-de-France%2FParis%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FAttractions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monnaiedeparis.com%2F
desc:	TheFrenchMint-manufacturescoins,medalsandartgifts.HistoryofFrenchmoney,frompoundtofranctoeuro.

title:	Montparnasse 56 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FRegions%2FIle-de-France%2FParis%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FAttractions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tourmontparnasse56.com%2F
desc:	Getaspectacularviewofthecityfromthe56thflooroftheMontparnasseTower.

title:	TV en France 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FNews_and_Media%2FTelevision&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tvenfrance.com%2Ftvfrance.html
desc:	Directoryoflocal,regionalandnationalchannelsandnetworks.

title:	ATB Fietsen.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fatbfietsen.com%2F
desc:	InformatieoverdeATBenMTBframes,kettingreinigen,bandenspanning,cassettevernieuwen,trapassen,montagetrapassen,cranksendeuitlegoverdeQ-factor

title:	Beltdrive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beltdrivebicycles.com%2F
desc:	Informatieoverderiemaandrijvingmetuitlegoverdewerking,onderhoud,montage,handleiding,FAQenfoto's.

title:	Cargobikes bakfietsen en transportfietsen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cargobikes.nl%2F
desc:	ImporteurvanCargobikesteSoestmetinformatieoverdefietsen,verhuurenhetbedrijf.

title:	e-fiets.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-fiets.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverelektrischefietsenendeonderdelenervan.

title:	Exploratorium: Wetenschap van het fietsen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exploratorium.edu%2Fcycling%2Ffiets%2F
desc:	Technischeinformatieoverdewerkingvanonderdelen,materialenendeinvloedvanluchtweerstand.

title:	Fiets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fiets.nl%2F
desc:	TijdschriftvoorwielrennersenATB-ers.Desitebiedteeninhoudsopgavevanhetlaatstenummer,linksendemogelijkheidomenkeleproductentebestellen.

title:	fiets anders 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsanders.nl%2F
desc:	Fietsenvaneenzelfbouwer,vanligfietstotvouwfiets.

title:	Fiets naar je werk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsenscoort.nl%2F
desc:	FietsenScoortiseennieuwecampagneomhetfietseninNederlandopeenactieveenuitdagendewijzetestimuleren.

title:	Fietsberaad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsberaad.nl%2F
desc:	Kenniscentrumvoorfietsbeleid,meteenwebsiteentijdschriftoverfietsverkeerindebredezindeswoords.

title:	Fietsenpagina.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsenpagina.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverfietsenenmountainbikes.Routes,reparatietipsenleukefiets-filmpjes.

title:	Fietskarinfo.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietskarinfo.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuwsoverfietskarren,bakfietsenenbagagekarren.

title:	Fietsmeerdaagse.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsmeerdaagse.nl%2F
desc:	Overzichtvanallefietsmeerdaagseperplaatsendatum.

title:	Fietsnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsnet.nl%2F
desc:	Publicatiesovermobiliteit,veiligheidenrecreatieffietsen.

title:	De Fietsplanner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FFietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsplanner.nl%2F
desc:	Eeninteractievetopografischekaartwaaropdefietsereenoverzichtkankrijgenvandevelefietsroutesaangevuldmetinformatieovercultuurhistorie,natuurenhorecagelegenhedenindeomgevingvanderoute.

title:	Paris Convention and Visitors Bureau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FRegions%2FIle-de-France%2FParis%2FTravel_and_Tourism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parisinfo.com%2F
desc:	InformationabouttheFrenchcapital:hotels,museums,events,restaurants,shopping,mapsandtransportation.

title:	Accell Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FVoertuigen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accell-group.com%2F
desc:	Internationalegroepvanondernemingen,actiefophetgebiedvanontwerpen,produceren,marketenenverkopenvanfietsen.Informatieoverdegroependeverschillendedochterondernemingenenmerken.

title:	Aixam Nederland BV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FVoertuigen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aixam.nl%2F
desc:	Importeurvandebrommobielen.Specificatiesvandeverschillendemodellenenoverzichtvandealers.

title:	Alligt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FVoertuigen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alligt.nl%2F
desc:	Producentvanligfietsen.Informatieoverbedrijf,deligfietseneneenoverzichtvandealersinNederland.

title:	12GO Trading 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.12gotrading.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverhetwisselendaanbodaanfietsen.

title:	A-Bike design vouwfiets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abike-shop.nl%2F
desc:	DeA-bikeisdekleinste,lichtsteensnelstopvouwbarevouwfietsterwereld.

title:	Balance Bikes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.balancebikes.be%2F
desc:	FietsenhandelaarYvanVercouillie.Meteenaanbodpermerkensoort.

title:	BikeCap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bikecap.com%2F
desc:	Beschermendedecoratievehoezenvoorfietszadels.

title:	BikeMotion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bikemotion.nl%2F
desc:	Keuzeuitverschillendesoortenfietsen.Informatieoverhetassortimentendevoorwaarden.

title:	de Brommershop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.de-brommershop.com%2F
desc:	Verkoopvannieuweengebruiktebromfietsenscooteronderdelen.

title:	Dekker Brommershop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.50cc.nl%2F
desc:	Leveranciervangebruikteennieuweonderdelenvoor2-taktmotoren,scootersenbrommers.Leasemogelijkheden,evenementenagendaeneenforum.

title:	EasyParts.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easyparts.nl%2F
desc:	Verkoopvanscooterenbrommeronderdelenenaccessoires.

title:	fiets accessoires en onderdelen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreepartshop.nl%2F
desc:	Onlineverkoopvanrace,atbenhybrideonderdelenenaccessoiresvoordesportievebiker

title:	Fietsenkampioen.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsenkampioen.nl%2F
desc:	UitgebreidedatabasevanfietsoccasionsinNederlandmetdemogelijkheidomtezoekenopprijsklasse.

title:	Fietsenwijk.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsenwijk.nl%2F
desc:	Zoekportaalwaarhetaanbodvannieuweengebruiktefietsenvanfietsspeciaalzaken,nieuws,evenementen,vacaturesenlinkstevindenzijn.

title:	Fietsophetnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsophetnet.nl%2F
desc:	AssortimentvandemerkenGazelle,Giant,Batavus,Sparta,GitaneenPuch.

title:	Fietspunt.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietspunt.nl%2F
desc:	Verkoopvanfietsonderdelen,smeermiddelenengereedschappenvoordedoehetzelver.

title:	Fietssportief 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietssportief.nl%2F
desc:	Gespecialiseerdinsportievefietsen.

title:	Vespa onderdelenshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vespaonderdelenshop.nl
desc:	VerkoopvangebruikteennieuweVespaonderdelenvanallemodellenvanaf1946.

title:	Waanders Den Ham 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FVervoermiddelen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waanders-rijwielen.nl%2F
desc:	Tweedehandsfietsen,onlinekijken,kopenenookhuren.Metuitlegoverdebestelprocedureenfietsinformatie.

title:	About.com: Credit/Debt Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcredit.about.com%2F
desc:	Creditbasics.

title:	CardRatings.com Message Board 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cardratings.com%2Fforum%2F
desc:	Twobiggestforumsarededicatedtocreditcards,andtogeneralcreditanddebtmanagementissues.Anyonecanread;registrationrequiredtopost.

title:	CBM Credit Education Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbmfoundation.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationassistsschools,businessesandcivicgroupstopromotefinancialliteracyandthewiseuseofconsumercredit.Includeseducationalmaterialsandlinkstorelatedsites.

title:	Consumer Handbook to Credit Protection Laws 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.federalreserve.gov%2Fpubs%2Fconsumerhdbk%2F
desc:	Guidetoshopping,applyingfor,andusingcredit,maintainingagoodcreditrecord,andcomplainingaboutanunfairdeal,anddiscriminatorylendingpractices,fromtheFederalReserveBoard.

title:	Credit Center from AOL Real Estate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Frealestate.aol.com%2Fblog%2Fcredit-center%2F
desc:	Learnhowtocheckcreditscoresandcreditreports.Getinformationoncreditrepairandmanagingcredit.

title:	Credit Info Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creditinfocenter.com%2F
desc:	Financialinformationoncredit,creditreports,mortgagesandloans.

title:	The Credit Scoring Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creditscoring.com%2F
desc:	Resourceregardingcreditscoreindustrytrends,lawsandregulations.

title:	Credit Secrets Bible 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thecreditbible.com%2F
desc:	Offerstipsonbadcredit,bankruptcy,loans,creditcardsandresolvingdebt.

title:	Creditboards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcreditboards.com%2Fforums%2F
desc:	Onlinediscussionforumscoveringseveralaspectsofconsumercredit.

title:	DailyFinance: Credit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailyfinance.com%2Fcategory%2Fcredit%2F
desc:	Articlesandinformationaboutpersonalcredit,scoresandcreditcards.

title:	Fair, Isaac and Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fico.com%2F
desc:	Largestproviderofconsumercreditscoringmodelsusedincreditapproval.

title:	Federal Trade Commission: Credit & Loans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.consumer.ftc.gov%2Ftopics%2Fcredit-and-loans
desc:	Featuresanassortmentofhelpfularticlesrelatedtocreditissues.

title:	MyFICO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myfico.com%2F
desc:	OffersaccesstoFICOcreditscores.

title:	Use Credit Wisely 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.citibank.com%2Fus%2Fcards%2Fcm%2F
desc:	Basicinformationfornewcreditusersincludesglossary,budgetingadvice,andfraudavoidance.Citibankpublication.

title:	OV-fiets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FVoertuigen%2FFietsen_en_Bromfietsen%2FVerhuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ov-fiets.nl%2F
desc:	VerhuurvanfietsenopNStreinstationsinNederland.Overzichtvanlocatiesenbeschrijvingvandewerkwijze.

title:	Bike2build 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FSport%2FWielrennen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bike2build.nl%2F
desc:	Verkopervanfietsenenaccessoires,metinformatieoverdedienstenenhetbedrijf.

title:	Derks Wielersport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FSport%2FWielrennen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.derks-wielersport.nl%2F
desc:	Verkoopvanfietsen,onderdelenenaccessoires.

title:	De Fietsenwinkel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FSport%2FWielrennen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.defietsenwinkel.com%2F
desc:	Aanbodvanfietsenenaccessoires,enookkledingenonderdelen.Metinformatieencontactgegevens.

title:	FietsWeb.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FSport%2FWielrennen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.fietsweb.nl%2F
desc:	Onlinewinkelvoorfietsenenfietsaccessoires.Officieeldealervanallebekendemerken.

title:	Futurumshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FSport%2FWielrennen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.futurumshop.nl%2F
desc:	Digitalefietsenzaak.Fietsen,onderdelenenaccessoires.MerkenalsTopeak,Adidas,Polar,Grisley.Shimano,CampagnolaenBH.

title:	Mammoet Rijwielen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FSport%2FWielrennen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mammoet.nl%2F
desc:	Specialistderspecialisten,rijwielenenfietskleding.

title:	Presto Cycle Sport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWebwinkelen%2FSport%2FWielrennen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.presto.nl%2F
desc:	Fiets-specialistmetonlineverkoopenwinkelsinAmsterdam,HeemskerkenOostzaan.

title:	Academic Loan Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.academicloangroup.com%2F
desc:	Consolidationofstudentandparentplusloans.

title:	AmerAssist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amerassist.com%2F
desc:	Debtrestructuringforbusinesses.

title:	American Debt Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetplanners.net%2F
desc:	Adebtconsolidationandcounselingfirmhelpingclientsbecomedebtfree.

title:	Cambridge Credit Counseling 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cambridge-credit.org%2F
desc:	Nationalfirmofferingadebtconsolidationplan.

title:	Consumer Alliance Processing Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caprocessing.com%2F
desc:	Debtmanagementserviceproviderforconsumersandagencies.

title:	Corporate Turnaround 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corporateturnaround.com%2F
desc:	Providesdebtrestructuringservicestofinanciallystrugglingbusinesses.

title:	Credifix Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.credifix.ca%2F
desc:	AlbertaCanadabaseddebtmanagementcompanyprovidingservicetoindividualsexperiencingstressduetodebtissues.

title:	Credit Advisors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creditadvisors.com%2F
desc:	Providesfee-baseddebtcounselingservices.

title:	Crisis Credit Counseling 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crisiscreditcounseling.com%2F
desc:	Providesdebtconsolidation&settlementservicesforconsumers.

title:	CRS Financial Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crsfinancial.net%2F
desc:	DebtManagementfirmassistingconsumersviabudgetinganddebtconsolidationservices.

title:	Debt Mediators Australia. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdebtmediators.com.au%2F
desc:	ProvidesdebtconsolidationassistanceinAustralia.

title:	Full Circle Debt Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.debtgone.ca%2F
desc:	Canadabaseddebtmanagementfirm.

title:	Fundamental Financial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fundamental.com%2F
desc:	Studentloanconsolidationformedical,law,businessandothergraduateschoolprofessionals.

title:	OneSimpleLoan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FFinancial_Services%2FFinancial_Planning%2FDebt_Consolidation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onesimpleloan.com%2F
desc:	Offersstudentloanconsolidation,reconsolidation,Federalandprivateeducationfinancialaidloans.

title:	Equal Credit Opportunity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FLaws_and_Regulations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fbcp%2Fedu%2Fpubs%2Fconsumer%2Fcredit%2Fcre15.shtm
desc:	HowtheEqualCreditOpportunityAct(ECOA)protectsconsumers.

title:	Fair Credit Reporting Act 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FLaws_and_Regulations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fos%2Fstatutes%2Ffcrajump.htm
desc:	FTCeducationalmaterialandstaffopinionsontheFCRA.AlsosomeinformationontheFairandAccurateCreditTransactionsActof2003(calledFACTAortheFACTAct).

title:	Fair Debt Collection Practices Act 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FLaws_and_Regulations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fos%2Fstatutes%2Ffdcpajump.htm
desc:	FTCEducationalmaterialandstaffopinionsontheFDCPA.

title:	Legal Information Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FCredit%2FLaws_and_Regulations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.law.cornell.edu%2Fwex%2FConsumer_credit
desc:	Anoverviewofconsumercreditlawwithlinkstoadditionalsources.

title:	Novea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9gional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FR%C3%A9gions%2FIle-de-France%2FCommerce_et_%C3%A9conomie%2FTransport_et_logistique&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnovea.fr%2F
desc:	Servicedetransport,demessagerieetdelogistiquesurl'ensembledel'Ile-de-France.

title:	Federal Trade Commission: Identity Theft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ftc.gov%2Fbcp%2Fedu%2Fmicrosites%2Fidtheft%2F
desc:	TheU.S.government'scentralwebsiteforinformationaboutidentitytheft.

title:	Identity Theft Resource Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idtheftcenter.org%2F
desc:	Featuresdetailedguidesforvictims,currentlaws,mediaresources,andreferencelibrary.

title:	About.com: Identity Theft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fidtheft.about.com%2F
desc:	Articlesfromseveralauthorsaboutidentitytheftrelatedtopics.

title:	AJB Benefits, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pyi-pyl.com%2F
desc:	InformationtoeducatethepubliconwhatIdentitytheftisaswellashowtheyarecommitted.

title:	California Department of Justice: Identity Theft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcaag.state.ca.us%2Fidtheft%2F
desc:	Featuresstatelaws,tipsforvictims,andIDtheftregistryforthestate.

title:	California Office of Privacy Protection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.privacy.ca.gov%2F
desc:	ConsumerinformationfromthisCaliforniastategovernmentagency.SomeinformationalsoinSpanish.

title:	Call For Action: Identity Theft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.callforaction.org%2F%3Fcat%3D10
desc:	Featureswarningsigns,preventativemeasures,andvictiminformationandresources.

title:	Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flhsmv.gov%2FIDtheft.html
desc:	Includesavideo,forms,andresourcesforvictimsofthecrime.

title:	Fraud Alert - TransUnion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transunion.com%2Ffraud-victim-resource%2Fplace-fraud-alert
desc:	Ifyouareconcernedaboutbecomingavictimoffraudoridentitytheft,orsuspectthatyoumightbe,aFraudAlertcanmakeitmoredifficultforsomeonetogetcreditinyourname.

title:	General Knowledge about Identity Theft Prevention 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.identity-theft-scenarios.com%2F
desc:	Doyouwanttoavoididentitytheft?Prepareyourselfbylearningaboutidentitytheft.Knowledgeletsyoufightagaistidentitytheft.

title:	Identity Theft and Identity Fraud 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.justice.gov%2Fcriminal%2Ffraud%2Fwebsites%2Fidtheft.html
desc:	Featuresprograms,prevention,andremedialstepsafterthecrime.FromtheUnitedStatesDepartmentofJustice.

title:	Identity Theft Answers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.identity-theft-answers.com%2F
desc:	Thissiteprovidesvaluableinformationonidentitytheftincludingkeyfacts,typesofidtheftbeingdonetoday,waystopreventfrombecomingavictim,andthedifferentwaysyoucanprotectyouridentity.

title:	Identity Theft Security 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.identitytheftsecurity.com%2F
desc:	Empoweringconsumerswithtips,resources,andtoolstopreventbecomingvictimsofidentitytheft.

title:	Identity Theft Victims tips and advice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.identitytheftmanifesto.com%2F
desc:	VictimLanaGautieronidentitytheft,itsharmandhowtoprotectyourself

title:	IdentityTheft.gov 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.identitytheft.gov%2F
desc:	OfferedbytheUnitedStatesgovernment,thesitedetailstheworkofthePresident'sIDTheftTaskForce,victims'rights,andidentifieswhatstepsgovernmentagenciesaretakingtocombatidentitytheftissues.

title:	Internet Crime Complaint Center IC3 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ic3.gov%2F
desc:	ApartnershipbetweentheFBI,theNationalWhiteCollarCrimeCenterandtheBureauofJusticeAssistancewhichactstoreceiveandinvestigatecomplaintsofcybercrimeandidentitytheft.

title:	National Conference of State Legislatures: Identity Theft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncsl.org%2FHome%2FSearchResults%2Ftabid%2F702%2FDefault.aspx%3Fzoom_query%3Didentity%2Btheft
desc:	Featurescurrentstatutes,pendinglegislation,andpublications.

title:	NPR : ID Thieves Target Children, Infants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npr.org%2Ftemplates%2Fstory%2Fstory.php%3FstoryId%3D4532977
desc:	Eventheyoungestamonguscanbevictimsofidentitytheft.SeattleTimesreporterJolayneHoutzexplainshow,andwhy.JohnBrooke,aSeattle-areaman,describeshowhisnewbornbecameatarget.[2:44streamingaudiobroadcast]

title:	RCMP Frauds and Scams: Identity Theft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FTheft%2FIdentity_Theft&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rcmp-grc.gc.ca%2Fscams-fraudes%2Fid-theft-vol-eng.htm
desc:	TipsfromtheRoyalCanadianMountedPolice.

title:	Ecole navigation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9gional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FR%C3%A9gions%2FIle-de-France%2FCommerce_et_%C3%A9conomie%2FV%C3%A9hicules&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecole-navigation.fr%2F
desc:	EcoledeNeuilly.Informationssurlespermis,lesformations,lesstages,calendrierettarifs.

title:	All-Car-Rent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FVoertuigen%2FVerhuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allcarrent.be%2F
desc:	Verhuurvanauto's,bestelwagens,vrachtwagens,koelwagensofminibussenvanuitMerksem(nabijAntwerpen).

title:	American Alcohol Analyzers Fraud 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aaanalyzersfraud.4t.com%2F
desc:	Reportsonafraudulent"company"thatsellscoinoperatedbreathalyzervendingmachines.

title:	American Petroleum Promotions Fraud 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fbiz7%2Fappgasfraud%2Findex.html
desc:	Resourcesforindependentsalesrepresentativesleftoutinthecold.

title:	Association of Certified Fraud Examiners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acfe.com%2F
desc:	International25,000-memberprofessionalorganizationdedicatedtofightingfraudandwhite-collarcrime.

title:	Avoid Becoming a Victim of Credit Card Fraud 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jewelryimpressions.com%2Ffraudart.html
desc:	Informationformerchantswhooperatee-commercesitesonrecognizingsignsoffraudandwhattodoifyoubecomeavictim.

title:	A Bell Tolls 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fabtolls.com%2Finformation%2Favoidprepaidscams.html
desc:	Howtoavoidpre-paidphonecardscams.Learnthetricks,questionstoask,andwhattodotoavoidbeingthevictimofaprepaidcallingcardscam.

title:	Better Business Bureau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbb.org%2F
desc:	BetterBusinessBureauscanalertyoutocomplaintsagainstcompaniesinyourarea.

title:	Cagey Consumer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcageyconsumer.com%2F
desc:	Providesinformation,news,alertsandresourcestoassistconsumersinidentifyingscamsandbaddeals.

title:	Counterfeiting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sniggle.net%2Fcounterfeit.php
desc:	Articleaboutthespreadofcounterfeitcash,andtheartofJ.S.G.Boggs.

title:	Crimes of Persuasion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crimes-of-persuasion.com%2F
desc:	Informationontheworkingsandscopeoftelemarketingandinvestmentfraudandconsumerscams.

title:	Financial Scandals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprojects.exeter.ac.uk%2FRDavies%2Farian%2Fscandals%2F
desc:	Guideandlinkstoinformationonmajorfinancialscandals,bankfrauds,moneylaundering,corruption,scams,andorganizedcrime.

title:	Fraud-Aid - First aid for fraud victims 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fraudaid.com%2F
desc:	Freeonlinefraudvictimassistanceandeducation.

title:	Lies People Tell 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liespeopletell.com%2F
desc:	Realliesfromreallives.

title:	Marlock's Fraudtech Institute of Cons, Frauds and Other Lies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffraudtech.bizland.com%2F
desc:	Beatingtheconartistsofoursocietyattheirowngameisn'tdifficultonceyouknowhowthegamesareplayed.Thispublicservicesiteprovidesallwhovisitwiththeknowledgeneededtosurviveinaworldofdeception.

title:	Quatloos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quatloos.com
desc:	Seekstoeducateaboutvarioustypesofscamsandfrauds,howthesedealsreallywork,andhowtomanagetherisks.

title:	Scam Shield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scamshield.com%2F
desc:	Interactivecommunitydedicatedtofightingconsumerfraud.Features'reportascam'section,fraudresourcesandemailalertservice.

title:	Scams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sniggle.net%2Fscams.php
desc:	Highlightsofhistoricalscams,frauds,bubbles,pyramids,consandhumbugs.

title:	Scams 101 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.friendsinbusiness.com%2Fscams%2F
desc:	Amusingsiteprovidinginformationonalltypesofscams.

title:	Scamwatch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FFraud&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scamwatch.gov.au%2F
desc:	Comprehensivesiteprovidinginformationonseveraltypesofscams,schemesandfraud.SiteinformationisprovidedbyvariousAustralianconsumerprotectionagenciesbutmostoftheinformationisuniversal.

title:	A. van Roessel Trikeverhuur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FVoertuigen%2FMotorfietsen%2FVerhuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avanroessel.nl%2Ftrikeverhuur.html
desc:	TrikeverhuurinMidden-Brabant.

title:	 Camper4rent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FKamperen%2FVoertuigen%2FVerhuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcamper4rent.nl%2F
desc:	CamperverhuurbedrijfgevestigtinDeMarken(LeMarche)Italiemetinformatieoverdecampers,beschikbaarheidentarieven.

title:	Adcars Touring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FKamperen%2FVoertuigen%2FVerhuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adcars.nl%2F
desc:	VerhuurvantoercaravansteHilversummettipseneenoverzichtvandetypes,opties,prijzenendeinventaris.

title:	All-Seasons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FKamperen%2FVoertuigen%2FVerhuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.skynet.be%2Fall-seasons
desc:	MotorhomestehuurinRumst-Terhagen.Informatieoverhetassortimentendeprijzen.

title:	BMG Camperverhuur, Friesland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FOpenlucht%2FKamperen%2FVoertuigen%2FVerhuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.camper-verhuur.nl%2F
desc:	CamperverhuurderinFrieslandmetinformatieoverdecampers,detarievenendebeschikbaarheid.

title:	Federal Trade Commission - Money and Credit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.consumer.ftc.gov%2Ftopics%2Fmoney-credit
desc:	U.S.consumerprotectionsiteprovidingadviceonhowtodealwithdebtandfinancialscams.

title:	Ask Jack About Debt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.askjackaboutdebt.com%2F
desc:	Onlinedebtresourceandnewsblogforconsumers.

title:	Credit Slips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcreditslips.org%2F
desc:	Weblogbyattorneysandlawprofessors.Focusesoncurrentissuesinvolvingcreditandbankruptcy.

title:	Debt OMG! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.debtomg.com%2F
desc:	Personalfinanceblogfocusedonhelpingconsumersimprovetheircreditandbecomedebt-free.

title:	Debt Syndrome 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.debtsyndrome.com%2F
desc:	Budgetingandsavingadviceblogwithdebtsolutionsforconsumers.

title:	Debt.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdebt.org%2F
desc:	Debtmanagementserviceproviderofferinganewsfeedandblogondebtrelatedissues.

title:	DebtHelp.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.debthelp.com%2F
desc:	Informationondebtconsolidationprogramsandloans.

title:	Debtors Anonymous 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.debtorsanonymous.org%2F
desc:	Afellowshipofmenandwomenwhohelpeachothersolvetheircommonproblemsandhelpotherstorecoverfromcompulsivedebting.

title:	DebtSmart.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.debtsmart.com%2F
desc:	Providesarticles,softwareandinformationonfinancialmanagementanddebt.

title:	The Insolvency Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FPersonal_Finance%2FMoney_Management%2FDebt_and_Bankruptcy&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gov.uk%2Fgovernment%2Forganisations%2Finsolvency-service
desc:	RegulatorsoftheUKinsolvencyprofession.ProvidesinformationaboutBankruptcy,IVAs,andDROsandallowscompletionofcourtformsonline.

title:	BMW Motorrad Belgium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FVoertuigen%2FMotorfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmw-motorrad.be%2F
desc:	Producentvanmotoren.Informatieoverdeproducten,hetonderhoudeneenoverzichtvanBlegischedealers.TevensinformatieoverdeBoxercup.

title:	HGA Sport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FVoertuigen%2FMotorfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.braking.nl%2F
desc:	ImporteurophetgebiedvanBrakingremschijvenenremblokkenvanverschillendemerken.Berijfsinfoenassortiment.

title:	Elysees Mermoz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FEuropa%2FFrancia%2FRegiones%2FIsla_de_Francia%2FPar%C3%ADs%2FViajes_y_turismo%2FAlojamiento&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hotel-elyseesmermoz.com%2F
desc:	HotellocalizadoentreFaubourgSaint-HonoreylaavenidaMontaigne.Presentasushabitaciones,precios,ybrindalaposibilidaddereservarenlinea.

title:	Albe's 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FCycling%2FBMX&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albes.com%2F
desc:	Carriescompletebikes,components,tires,headsets,gripsandhandlebars,seats,safetygear,andt-shirtsfortheBMXrider.

title:	Dan's Competition 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FCycling%2FBMX&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.danscomp.com%2F
desc:	Offersonlineordering,largephotosanddescriptions,UPSshippingandtrackinglink,classifieds,mail-orderhoursofoperation,andshowroomhourslocatedinMountVernon,Indiana.

title:	Flatlandfuel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FCycling%2FBMX&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flatlandfuel.com%2F
desc:	Flatland-specificbmxwithdetailsonhowtoorderonline,byphone,mailorfax.

title:	Supercross BMX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FCycling%2FBMX&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.supercrossbmx.com%2F
desc:	Makesandsellsframes,forks,bars,cranksandaccessories.

title:	WebCyclery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FCycling%2FBMX&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webcyclery.com%2F
desc:	Carriesbikes,parts,andaccessoriesfortrials,singlespeeds,dualslalom,anddirtjumping.

title:	Alsace saveurs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FBoutiques_en_ligne%2FProduits_r%C3%A9gionaux%2FEurop%C3%A9ens%2FFran%C3%A7ais&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alsacesaveurs.com%2F
desc:	Ventedeproduitsduterroird'Alsace:gastronomie,vins,artisanat,cadeaux.LivraisonenEurope.

title:	Centre Equestre du Neubourg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFrance%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FEquestrian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.club-hippique-neubourg.fr%2F
desc:	HorseridingcoursesandPonyClubridinglessons.Eventsthroughouttheyear.EnglishandFrenchversion.

title:	A.P.T. Parking Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aptparking.com%2F
desc:	Supplierofautomatedandmechanicalparkingsystems.

title:	Adaptive Recognition Hungary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arhungary.hu%2F
desc:	Animagerecognitionproductfortheautomaticvisualdetection,identificationandrecognitionofvehiclelicenseplates.

title:	Airport Parking Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airportparkingnet.com%2F
desc:	Guaranteedairportparkingreservation,nationwide,safeandcheapparking.Freeshuttletoandfromairport.24/7Security.

title:	Amano Cincinnati Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amano.com%2F
desc:	Manufactureroftimeattendanceandparkingcontrolsystems.

title:	AmeriPark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ameripark.com%2F
desc:	Providerofvaletandselfparkingservicesnationwideforentertainmentandretailcomplexes,hotels,hospitals,medicalcenters,residentialbuildings,officebuildings,airports,restaurantsandvariousspecialevents.

title:	Automated Valet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.automatedvalet.com%2F
desc:	Valetparkingautomationandrevenuecontrol.BiometricsTime&attendance,employeescheduler,payroll.Completesolutionforvalidations.

title:	Autopa Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autopa.co.uk%2F
desc:	Manufactureranddistributorofparkingposts,bollards,vehicleaccesscontrol,andcyclestorageequipment.UnitedKingdom.

title:	Barco Products Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barcoproducts.com%2F
desc:	Offersrecycledplasticandmaintenanceproductsforparkinglots,buildingsandgrounds.

title:	Came Parkare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cameparkare.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofpayanddisplaymachinesandautomatedcarparkingmanagementandcontrolsystems,includingequipment(ticketingmachines,barriergatesorautomaticpaystations)andownsoftware.Worldwide.

title:	Canadian Parking Equipment, Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpeape.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturesparkingequipmentincludinggates,ticketdispensers,tokenunits,andcardaccesssystems.

title:	Clancy Systems International, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clancysystems.com%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyofparkingenforcementandparkingcontrolproducts.

title:	Complus Data Innovations, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.complusdata.com%2F
desc:	Providerofparkingticketmanagementsolutionstomunicipalitiesanduniversities.

title:	Diamond Parking Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diamondparking.com%2F
desc:	Assistsindesign,equipment,leasing,andmanagementofparkingprogramssuchasthoseinairportsandspecialparkingprograms.

title:	Dolphin Parking 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.valetparkingmiami.com%2F
desc:	SouthFloridabasedfirmdedicatedtoprovidingvaletparkingservicesinMiamiandFortLauderdale

title:	Duncan Parking Control Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fduncansolutions.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofparkingmetersandhandheldenforcementequipmentandsystems.

title:	Engineered Parking Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fepsinfo.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerandsupplierofparkingandaccesscontrolequipment.Theyspecializeinhightrafficapplications.

title:	International Parking Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parking.org%2F
desc:	Organizationthatprovideseducationalandtechnicalservicestoparkingprofessionalsandtothepublic.

title:	J.J. MacKay Canada Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mackaymeters.com%2F
desc:	Supplieselectronicparkingmeters,parkingmeterhousings,parkingcontrol,andautomatedenforcementsystems.

title:	Landmark Parking 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.landmarkparking.com%2F
desc:	Parkingfacilitymanagement,leasing,consulting,valetservices,andrelatedservices.

title:	Lanier Parking Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Flanierparking.com%2F
desc:	Self-parkandvaletmanagementandconsultingservicesforcommercialandprivateproperties.

title:	Liberty Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.libertyservices.co.uk%2F
desc:	ThelargestmanufacturerofparkingenforcementstationeryintheUK,dealingdirectlywith250councilsandworkinginpartnershipwithallthemajorcontractors.

title:	LiftMaster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liftmaster.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofauotmaticparkinglotanddrivewaygateoperatorswithinherentbackuppower.

title:	Meter Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmeterproducts.com%2F
desc:	Providesparkingmeterequipment,includingnewandrefurbishedmechanicalandelectronicparkingmetermechanisms.Includesinformationonproductoffered,apricelist,andspecials.

title:	MidPark Services Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.midpark.com%2F
desc:	ValetparkingandtransportationserviceservicingthegreaterMidAtlanticStatesandWashingtonDC.

title:	Miti Manufacturing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mitico.com%2F
desc:	ManufacturersofRhinoImmobilizers,MitiVendParkingAttendants,andHoopDeConWashequipment.

title:	Motivation Traffic Control Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motivation-tc.co.uk%2F
desc:	Manufacturerandinstallerofalltypesofmanualandautomatictrafficcontrolbarriers.Suppliersandinstallersofautomaticvehicledetectionsystems.

title:	Municipal Parking Supply 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.municipalparkingsupply.com%2F
desc:	Completerangeofproductsessentialtoparkingenforcementandtrafficcontrol.

title:	Parking Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.potomacparking.com%2F
desc:	Parkingmanagementandconsulting

title:	Parking Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parking-net.com%2F
desc:	Providesparkingindustryprofessionalswithnews,information,jobs,tenders,events,whoiswho,coursesandliterature.

title:	Parking Pal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fparkingpal.com%2F
desc:	ResourceforNYCmotoristsseekingtochallengeparkingtickets.Informationonhowtoavoidgettingticketsandaboutcitizens'parkingrights.

title:	Parking Technologies GmbH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.palis.de%2F
desc:	Manufactureroffullyautomatedparkingsystems.Overviewandfeaturesofsystems;datasheetsandphotographsofimplementations.

title:	Parking Today 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parkingtoday.com%2F
desc:	Amonthlymagazineforthecommercialandinstitutionalparkingindustry.

title:	The Parking Zone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parkingzone.com%2F
desc:	Largelineofparkingoperationproducts.

title:	Plastic Safety Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpss-innovations.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofparkingcontrolproductssuchaschannelizers,barricades,delineators,reflectivefencing,parkingblocks,speedbumps,objectmarkers,andplasticsafetyfencing.

title:	Poletector 360 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.poletector.com%2F
desc:	Parkinglotlights,lightpolebases,bollardcovers,bollards,concretebases,parkinglotmaintenance,sitelighting,securitylighting,commerciallighting,advertisingforlightpoles.

title:	POM Incorporated 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pom.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturesarangeofelectronicandsmartcardparkingmetersaswellassupplyingpartsandsoftware.Includesdownloadablespecifications.

title:	Quality Parking 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvaletparking.com%2F
desc:	Providesuniformed,supervisedparkingattendants.

title:	Red Carpet Valet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcarpetvalet.net%2F
desc:	AprofessionalvaletcompanywithseverallocationsincludingwesternWashington/PugetSound,Sacramento,andVancouver,Canada.

title:	Reino MultiBay Parking Meter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reino.com.au%2F
desc:	Manufacturersparkingmeterswhichconsolidatecurrentoneperstallmetersandcanbeprogrammedforvarioustime-basedoperations.

title:	Rich and Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.richassoc.com%2F
desc:	Parkingconsultantsspecializinginparkingplanning,parkingdevelopmentandoperationofparkingfacilitiesandsystems.

title:	Robotic Parking, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.robopark.com%2F
desc:	Amanufacturerofstate-of-the-artmodular,fullyautomatedparkingsystems.

title:	Shark Byte Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsharkbytesystems.com%2F
desc:	ProviderofGarageNet,aninternetsoftwareforintegratingthedifferentaspectsoftheparkingindustry.

title:	Sojourn Enterprises Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sojourn.ca%2F
desc:	Providestrafficcontrolproducts.LocatedinDartmouth,NovaScotia,Canada.

title:	SP+ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spplus.com%2Ffind-parking%2F
desc:	Providerofparkingandrelatedservices.Lotmanagementandconsultingservicesavailable.

title:	Speed Bumps & Humps 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.speedbumpsandhumps.com%2F
desc:	Provideslargearrayofspeedbumpsforparkingcontrol.

title:	Traf-Park Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcubic.com%2Fcts%2F
desc:	Turnkeysolutionproviderofautomatedfarecollectionsystemsforpublictransportincludingbus,busrapidtransit,lightrail,commuterrail,heavyrail,ferryandparking.

title:	Traffic & Safety Control Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trafficandsafety.com%2F
desc:	Parkingcontrolsystemsandbuildingaccesscontrolsystems.

title:	Traffic Supply Store 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trafficsafetystore.com%2F
desc:	Sellsanddistributestrafficsafetyandcontrolproducts.

title:	Tri-State Valet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftristateparking.us%2F
desc:	OperatesavarietyofparkingsolutionsfornumerousbusinessesthroughouttheGreaterCincinnati,NorthernKentuckyandSouthwestIndianaarea.

title:	Trigg Industries International, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.triggindustries.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerandretailerofoverheightvehicledetectionsystems,trafficengineeringproductsandpavementmanagementtechnology.

title:	Valet Parking Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.valetparkinglb.com%2F
desc:	Valetparkingsolutionforhotels,restaurants,hospitals.Lebanon.

title:	W8s 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w8s.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKbasedconsultancyinparkingenforcementandrelatedfunctionsintheparkingindustry.

title:	Walker Parking Consultants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTraffic_Control%2FParking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.walkerparking.com%2F
desc:	Parkingconsultingandplanning,parkingdesign,andconcreterestoration.

title:	AIC: International Victimology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Faic.gov.au%2Fpublications%2Fprevious%2520series%2Fproceedings%2F1-27%2F27.html
desc:	Aneditedselectionofpapersgivenatthe8thInternationalSymposiumonVictimologyheldattheConventionCentreinAdelaide,SouthAustraliainAugust1994,Proc.no.27.

title:	Amy Neises 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amyneises.com%2F
desc:	Thepersonalhomepageandjournalofastalkingsurvivor.

title:	MurderVictims.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.murdervictims.com%2F
desc:	Sourceformurderstatistics,newsitems,discussionandinformation.

title:	National Criminal Justice Reference Service: Victims of Crime 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncjrs.gov%2Fapp%2Ftopics%2Ftopic.aspx%3Ftopicid%3D179
desc:	Collectionofdocuments,weblinks,andotherresourcesoncrimevictimsandsurvivors,victimization,andliketopics.

title:	Officium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.officium.org.uk%2F
desc:	Handbookwrittentoassistpeopleaffectedbyviolentcrimewhichcoverspersonal,legal,communityandpoliticalmatters.

title:	Olive Crest Homes and Services for Abused Children 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.olivecrest.org%2F
desc:	Informationregardingallofthecategoriesofabuseandassociatedsymptomology.

title:	Texas VINE System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.co.grayson.tx.us%2Fdefault.aspx%3Fname%3Ddavs.vine
desc:	Ashortarticleabouttheprogramwhichstandsfor'VictimInformationandNotificationEveryday',whichgivesoutbasicinformationaboutsuspectsandtheirscheduledcourtevents,aswellasnotificationsofanychanges.

title:	True Crime - Victims 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karisable.com%2Fvictims.htm
desc:	Crimevictims'resources,casesandarticles.

title:	Victim Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vachss.com%2Fhelp_text%2Fvictim_resources.html
desc:	Listingsofandlinkstoarticles,agencies,organizationsandwebsitestofindhelpforvictimsofchildhoodabuse,rape,andotherviolentcrimes.

title:	Victims and the Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvictims.jrn.msu.edu%2F
desc:	Programdesignedtoreachbothjournalismstudentsandworkingprofessionals,withspecialemphasisonhowtogetthestorywithoutre-victimizingthevictim.

title:	Victims of Violence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.victimsofviolence.on.ca%2F
desc:	CanadianCentreforMissingChildrenpagethatgivesahistoryofvictimsofviolenceandlistsresearchtopicsandcontactinformation.

title:	YouthWEB Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FVictims&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youthwebonline.com%2F
desc:	Youngsters,teensandadultsfromdiversebackgroundsfightagainstbias,bigotryandprejudice.Peoplecanreporthate-relatedincidentsandgetinformationaboutschoolviolenceandhumanrights.

title:	French Racing and Breeding Committee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations%2FEurope%2FFrance&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frbc.fr%2F
desc:	AnonprofitorganizationinchargeofthepromotionoftheFrenchthoroughbredindustryabroad.Informationaboutbreeders,bloodlines,andcontactsforanyoneinterestedinFrenchbloodstock.

title:	The Innocence Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.innocenceproject.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitlegalclinicwhichonlyhandlescaseswherepostconvictionDNAtestingofevidencecanyieldconclusiveproofofinnocence.Cases,news,relatedlinks,anddetailsabouttheclinic.

title:	Polygraph Evidence in Court 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.rcn.com%2Fjonmarin%2FPolygraph1.htm
desc:	Examiningpolygraphresultsasasensibleapproachtotheproblemofwrongfulconvictionsduetoperjurybypolice,jailhouseinformants,andco-operatingprosecutionwitnesses.

title:	Truth in Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.truthinjustice.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationworkingtofreeinnocentpeopleconvictedofcrimestheydidnotcommit,andtopreventwrongfulconvictionsbyalertingthepublictothevulnerabilitiesintheU.S.criminaljusticesystemthatmakethesemiscarriagespossible.

title:	Witchhunt Information Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchinese-school.netfirms.com%2Fwitchhunt.html
desc:	Bizarreallegationsresemblingthoseofthewitchhuntsofthe16thand17thcenturies.Informationandlegaldocumentsincludingselectionsfromlegalbriefs,courtdecisions,andtrialtranscripts.

title:	Child Abuse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jimhopper.com%2Fabstats%2F
desc:	Discussionandpresentationsofstatisticsonchildabuse,especiallychildsexualabuse.

title:	Pat McClendon's Clinical Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clinicalsocialwork.com%2F
desc:	Dissociativedisorders,abuseissues,andotherresources.

title:	Rape and Sexual Abuse Counselling (RASAC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Frasac.org.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidesatelephonelisteningandsupportserviceformenandwomenintheUKaffectedbysexualviolence.Providesaface-to-facecounsellingserviceinWinchesterCityCentre.

title:	Safer Society Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.safersociety.org%2F
desc:	Anationalresearch,advocacy,andreferralcenteronthepreventionandtreatmentofsexualabuse.

title:	Scarborough Sexual Assault Care Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sacc.to%2F
desc:	Informationonsexualassault,mythsandfacts,andcommunityresources.

title:	South Essex Rape and Incest Crisis Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sericc.org.uk%2F
desc:	OfferingsupporttowomenandgirlsinSouthEssex,England,bypromotingself-confidence,self-respect,physicalandemotionalwell-being.

title:	Surviving Together 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.survivingtogether.org.uk%2F
desc:	Awomenonlyselfhelpgroupforfemalesurvivorsofchildhoodsexualabuse,basedincentralNorwich,UnitedKingdom.

title:	Survivors of Incest Anonymous 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siawso.org%2F
desc:	12-step,self-helprecoveryprogrammodeledafterAlcoholicsAnonymous.

title:	Trauma Treatment Manual 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSupport_Groups%2FSexual_Abuse&url=http%3A%2F%2Famsterdam.park.org%2FGuests%2FStream%2Ftrauma_manual.htm
desc:	OriginallywrittenforpeopleworkinginthefieldwithwomensurvivorsofrapeinBosnia,itcanbeusedmorebroadlyasaguideforhelpinganyoneofeithergenderwhohassurvivedanykindoftrauma.

title:	Association of Racing Commissioners International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arci.com%2F
desc:	Organizedtoprotectandupholdtheintegrityofthepari-mutuelsportsofhorseracing,andtopromotethehealthandwelfareoftheindustrythroughvariousprogramsandprojects.

title:	International Racing Bureau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irbracing.com%2F
desc:	Foundedin1968toservetheThoroughbredracingindustryandtoassistinthedevelopmentofinternationalracing.Offersracingnewsandfixtures,trainer/breeder/ownerservices,pressroom,andlinks.

title:	The Racing Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingassociation.co.za%2F
desc:	RepresentstheinterestsofracehorseownersinsevenregionsinSouthAfrica.Includesnews,membershipinformation,andtrainingagreements.

title:	Racing Queensland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingqueensland.com.au%2F
desc:	Detailsofevents,rulesandpolicies,clubs,andgeneralinformation.Merchandise,contacts,andlinks.LocatedinAustralia.

title:	The  Davidian  Massacre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice%2FWaco&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carolmoore.net%2Fwaco%2F
desc:	ExaminesthestandoffattheDavidiancompoundinWacoTexas,resultinginafieryendfortheDavidians.

title:	Branch Davidians (Students of the Seven Seals) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice%2FWaco&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.religioustolerance.org%2Fdc_branc.htm
desc:	Averydetailedlookatthe"Davidians",fromtheperspectiveofReligiousTolerance.org

title:	Frontline: Waco - The Inside Story 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice%2FWaco&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fpages%2Ffrontline%2Fwaco%2F
desc:	AninvestigationintothesiegeatWacoTexasandtheFBI'sstrategy,negotiationsandtactics,byPBS.

title:	PBS Frontline - Waco FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice%2FWaco&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fpages%2Ffrontline%2Fwaco%2Ftopten.html
desc:	PBSanalysisandFAQontheDavidianmassacre,fromthecausestotheoutcome.Withphotos,programtranscript,andchronology.

title:	The Waco Massacre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice%2FWaco&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.serendipity.li%2Fwaco.html
desc:	ArticlesandinformationchroniclingthebrutalattackontheDavidians'churchandhomebytheBATF,thepsychologicaltortureusedagainstthemandtheirchildren,andtheviolentdestructionoftheirhomeandlivesbytheFBI.

title:	Texas Rangers Investigative Report - Branch Davidian Evidence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FCrime_and_Justice%2FInjustice%2FWaco&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.txdps.state.tx.us%2Fdirector_staff%2Fpublic_information%2Fbranch_davidian%2Findex.htm
desc:	TheTexasRangerswereinchargeofmuchoftheinvestigationoftheDavidianMassacre,andhereistheirreportonthesubject.

title:	Domburgse Ringrijders 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FSport%2FPaardensport%2FVerenigingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.domburgseringrijders.nl%2F
desc:	VeelinformatieoverhetringrijdeninDomburg,metfoto'svanvroegerennu,deagenda,ringrijdersverhaleneneenechteouwerwesse.

title:	L.R. & P.C. De Nijgraaf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FSport%2FPaardensport%2FVerenigingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nijgraaf.nl%2F
desc:	GevestigdteWestervoort.Informatieoverdevereniging,wedstrijden,etc.Tevenshetlaatsteclubblad,fotoalbums,vraagenaanbod,eneenroutebeschrijving.

title:	L.R.V. & P.C. Berg en Dal Ruiters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FSport%2FPaardensport%2FVerenigingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bergendalruiters.nl%2F
desc:	Allesoverdezepaardrij-enponyrijvereniginginDeLutte.Agenda,locatie,diverselinks,bestuurenhetlaatstenieuwsoverdeclub.

title:	LR & PC De Waalzoomruiters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FSport%2FPaardensport%2FVerenigingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.home.nl%2Fboukje%2F
desc:	GevestigdinOchten.Agenda,foto's,standenvandeonderlingecompetitie,gastenboek.

title:	LR/PC "Land van Heusden en Altena" 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FSport%2FPaardensport%2FVerenigingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lvhea.nl%2F
desc:	DezeruiterverenigingisgevestigdinAalburg,Noord-Brabant.

title:	Capital Defense Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FCriminal_Law&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.capdefnet.org%2F
desc:	Aresourcededicatedtoassistingcounselrepresentingclientsinfederalcapitalcases.

title:	Center for Court Innovation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FCriminal_Law&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.courtinnovation.org%2F
desc:	Informationaboutproblem-solvingcourts,suchasdrugcourts,communitycourtsandmentalhealthcourts,whichseektoimprovecaseoutcomesforcommunitiesandlitigants.

title:	Center for Criminal Justice Advocacy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FCriminal_Law&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.criminaldefense.homestead.com%2F
desc:	Informationandtipsforlitigatingcriminalcases.

title:	Justice Information Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FCriminal_Law&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncjrs.gov%2F
desc:	InformationontheU.S.criminaljusticesystem,coveringsubjectsincludingjuvenilecrime,lawenforcement,corrections,andcrimeprevention,fromtheNationalCriminalJusticeReferenceService.

title:	Questioning Double Jeopardy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FCriminal_Law&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autrefoisacquit.info%2F
desc:	AdvocatingagainstdoublejeopardyprotectionsinAustralia.

title:	Sourcebook of Criminal Justice Statistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FCriminal_Law&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albany.edu%2Fsourcebook%2F
desc:	Searchablecriminaljusticedata,organizedbysubject.

title:	Between Word and Image: Modern Iranian Visual Culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyu.edu%2Fgreyart%2Fexhibits%2Firan%2Findex.html
desc:	ThesiteisanonlineversionofanexhibitionorganizedbytheGreyArtGalleryandtheHagopKevorkianCenterforNearEasternStudies,NewYorkUniversity.Theexhibitionhighlightsthemanywaysinwhichvisualculturebothreflectedandaffectedthe1960sand'70sinIran.

title:	FarsiNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.farsinet.com%2Fart.html
desc:	IranianartandPersianculture.

title:	The Official Website of Reza Abedini 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rezaabedini.com%2F
desc:	RezaAbedini,aprominentIraniangraphicartists.HeismainlyfamousforhisuniquestyleofworkingwithtypographyandappropriatingtheArabiclettersintohismoderndesigns.

title:	Branch Davidians, Waco, and the FBI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apologeticsindex.org%2Fb10.html
desc:	FromApologeticsIndex.CurrentandarchivednewsreportsaboutBranchDavidiansandtheWacotrial.Includesadditionalresearchresources.

title:	Waco - the inside story 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fpages%2Ffrontline%2Fwaco%2F
desc:	PBS:Frontline'sinvestigation.

title:	The Waco Investigation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpost.com%2Fwp-srv%2Fnational%2Flongterm%2Fwaco%2Fkeystories.htm
desc:	WashingtonPost'snewsstoriesonthesiege

title:	Waco Watch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.findlaw.com%2Flegalnews%2Flit%2Fwaco%2F
desc:	FindLaw'snews,opinions,analysis,andevidenceonthesiege.

title:	Waco, FBI and the Branch Davidians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cesnur.org%2Ftesti%2Fwaco_updates.htm
desc:	CenterforStudiesonNewReligions(CENSUR).Chronologicallinkstonewsstoriesfromvarioussources.

title:	WACO: The Rules of Engagement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waco93.com%2F
desc:	Documentaryfilm.

title:	Alizadeh, Javad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.javad.8m.com%2F
desc:	IranianCartoonist.Publisherofacartoonmagazinecalled"Tanz-o-Caricature"(Humorandcaricature)inTehran.

title:	Art Arena 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.art-arena.com%2F
desc:	Agalleryprovidingacollectionoforiginallandscapes,portraits,andminiatures.

title:	Asar Gallery of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.persianpaintings.com%2F
desc:	Iranianartresource,includingonlinemodernpaintings,miniatures,calligraphy,Qajarpaintings,andIslamicarchitecture.

title:	Elahe Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elahe.net%2F
desc:	WebsiteofElahegalleryinTehran.Hasinformationaboutitscurrentandpreviousexhibitions.

title:	Graphic Iran 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.graphiciran.com%2F
desc:	IranianGraphicDesignersSocietyhomepage.Memberscontactinformationandconferenceschedule.

title:	Iranian Cartoonists on the Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irancartoon.com%2F
desc:	BiographiesandsamplecartoonsforseveralIraniancartoonists.

title:	Jamal's Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.farsinet.com%2Fjamal%2F
desc:	AnexhibitionofpaintingsbyIranianartistsShahlaandMohsenJamal.

title:	Javaheri, Maryam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maryamjavaheri.com%2F
desc:	Onlinegallerybyacontemporaryabstractpainter.

title:	Poorkan Fine Art Atelier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.poorkan-atelier.com%2F
desc:	PoorkanFineArtAtelierpresentsworksofMasoudR.Zargahi.Fineartinavarietyofmedia,paintings,watercolours,pastelandacrylics.

title:	Sadeghi, Amirali 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FVisual_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.khatstudio.com%2F
desc:	SmallcollectionofimagesrenderedinAutodesk3DStudio,and3DStudioMax.

title:	Arts of the Islamic World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asia.si.edu%2Fcollections%2Fislamic.asp
desc:	AguidetoapermanentexhibitionpresentedbytheSmithsonianInstitution,coveringcalligraphy,books,andabstractdesign.

title:	Islamic Arts and Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islamicart.com%2F
desc:	FromMesopotamiancoinstoMoorishpalaces,thiseducationalwebsiteoffersafascinatingintroductiontotheMuslimworld.

title:	Branch Davidians, Waco, and the FBI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apologeticsindex.org%2Fb10.html
desc:	FromApologeticsIndex.CurrentandarchivednewsreportsaboutBranchDavidiansandtheWacotrial.Includesadditionalresearchresources.

title:	Waco - the inside story 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fpages%2Ffrontline%2Fwaco%2F
desc:	PBS:Frontline'sinvestigation.

title:	The Waco Investigation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpost.com%2Fwp-srv%2Fnational%2Flongterm%2Fwaco%2Fkeystories.htm
desc:	WashingtonPost'snewsstoriesonthesiege

title:	Waco Watch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.findlaw.com%2Flegalnews%2Flit%2Fwaco%2F
desc:	FindLaw'snews,opinions,analysis,andevidenceonthesiege.

title:	Waco, FBI and the Branch Davidians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cesnur.org%2Ftesti%2Fwaco_updates.htm
desc:	CenterforStudiesonNewReligions(CENSUR).Chronologicallinkstonewsstoriesfromvarioussources.

title:	WACO: The Rules of Engagement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FBranch_Davidian_Coverage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waco93.com%2F
desc:	Documentaryfilm.

title:	Indianminiature.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FMiniatures%2FIndian_and_Persian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianminiature.org%2F
desc:	ShortillustratedarticlesonIndianminiaturepaintingbytheresearcherNarmadaPrasadUpadhyaya,emphasizinghistoryandregionalstyles.

title:	AsiaFinest.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asiafinest.com%2F
desc:	ProfilesandpicturegalleriesonprominentAsianmodelsandstars.

title:	Asian Art and Artists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asia-art.net%2F
desc:	Information,techniques,artworksandartistsofAsia.Silk,lacquer,andfolk-artpaintings.

title:	Asianart.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asianart.com%2F
desc:	Theon-linejournalforthestudyandexhibitionoftheartsofAsia.IncludesAsianartsassociations,articles,exhibitions,andgalleries.

title:	Mything Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mythinglinks.org%2Fasia.html
desc:	AnnotatedandillustratedlinkstoAsianbeliefs,mythologies,lore,sacrednarratives,sacredart,andarchaeology.

title:	Thavibu Gallery for Asian Contemporary Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thavibu.com%2F
desc:	IncludesartfromThailand,VietnamandBurma.AlsoChinesePaintingsandKhmerSilver.

title:	Handbook of Texas Online: Waco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tshaonline.org%2Fhandbook%2Fonline%2Farticles%2Fhdw01
desc:	HistoryofWaco,Texas.

title:	Waco, Texas - Lone-Star Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWaco&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lone-star.net%2Fmall%2Ftxtrails%2Fwaco.htm
desc:	GeneralinformationaboutWacoandareainterests.

title:	AG Strafrecht des deutschen Anwaltvereins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FWissenschaft%2FRecht%2FStrafrecht&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ag-strafrecht.de%2F
desc:	InteressenvertretungderdeutschenStrafverteidiger.

title:	Art of the Mamluks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fislamicity.com%2FCulture%2Fatm%2Fatm.htm
desc:	IllustratedoutlineofthisbookbyDr.EsinAtilontheartsontheMamlukempireofEgypt,Syria,andPalestinefrom1250AD,hostedbyIslamicity.Illuminatedmanuscriptsandmetalwork.

title:	Islamic Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lacma.org%2Fislamic_art%2Fintro.htm
desc:	LindaKomaroff,LosAngelesCountyMuseumofArt,describesthedevelopmentofIslamicartandthehistoricalandculturaltraditionsfromwhichitemerged.Includeshistory,periods,images,dynasties,glossaryandmaps.

title:	About.com: Islam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fislam.about.com%2F
desc:	ExploresthebasicteachingsofIslam,itsculture,history,economicsystem,andhistoricalfigures.Alsofeaturesforum,news,andbuyer'sguide.

title:	The Amman Message 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fammanmessage.com%2F
desc:	AstatementclarifyingthetruenatureofIslam,establishedbyconsensusofSunni,Shia,andIbadhischolars,undertheleadershipofKingAbdullahofJordan.Includestext,endorsements,mediaresources,andPDFdownloads.

title:	Arrahman-Arraheem 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arrahman-arraheem.com%2F
desc:	AimstodisprovemisconceptionsaboutIslamandshowIslamasareligionofpeace.Featuresvideosoflecturesandevents,informationontheQuranandHadith,FAQ,andinformationonandlecturesbyBabarChaudhry.

title:	Back To Quran Movement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fin%2Fkoran%2F
desc:	EncouragingtheyoungergenerationtowardsapictureofIslamaspresentedbytheQuranandHadith.FeaturesquotationsfromtheQuranaswellasMuhammed'slastsermon,apicturegallery,andanintroductiontoIslamfornon-Muslims.

title:	Beautiful Islam: the Complete Way of Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beautifulislam.net%2F
desc:	PresentstheessentialtenetsofIslam;alsoincludesarticlesoncurrentconflictsintheMuslimworld,andcomparativereligion.

title:	Discover Islam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dislam.org%2F
desc:	CoversavarietyoftopicsaboutMuslimbeliefandpractice,intheformofquestionandanswer.

title:	eMuslim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Femuslim.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesinformationontheQuran,Mohammed,Abraham,Jesus,Islam.AlsofeaturesanextensivediscussiononhowtheQurancorrespondswithscientificfindingsandwhyIslamcondemnsterrorism.

title:	Islam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Freligion%2Freligions%2Fislam%2F
desc:	Asubstantialintroductiontothereligion,andMuslimbeliefs,practicesandhistory,fromtheBBC.

title:	Islam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FIslam
desc:	AnintroductiontoIslam,withlinkstoWikipedia'sconsiderablecollectionofarticlesonthereligion,itsteachings,history,andpractice.

title:	Islam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philtar.ac.uk%2Fencyclopedia%2Fislam%2F
desc:	AschematicoverviewofIslam;includesarticlesontheSunni,ShiaandSufitraditions.[ProvidedbyTheDepartmentofReligionandEthics,StMartin'sCollege,Lancaster,UK]

title:	Islam 101 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fislam101.net%2F
desc:	AneducationalsiteonIslam,itswayoflife,civilizationandculture.FeaturesintroductorycoursesandtestsonIslamaswellasaglossary,emaillists,articles,PowerPointpresentations,andotherresources.

title:	Islam Awareness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islamawareness.net%2F
desc:	AcollectionofessaysonIslamicbelief,religiouspractice,culture,andsocialissues;briefcountryprofilesandcommentaryoncurrentaffairs.AlsooffersaFAQpage.

title:	Islam.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islam.com%2F
desc:	Islamicinformationportal,includingdiscussionforums,articles,andlinks.

title:	Jannah.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jannah.org%2F
desc:	AsubstantialcollectionofresourcesonIslam,witharticles,forums,Quranrecitation,audioresources,andacategoriseddirectoryofMuslim-interestwebsites.

title:	Muslims 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fpages%2Ffrontline%2Fshows%2Fmuslims%2F
desc:	PBSFrontlinedocumentarythatexaminesIslam'sworldwideresurgencethroughthestoriesofdiverseMuslimsstrugglingtodefinetheroleofIslamintheirlivesandsocieties.

title:	The Religion of Islam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islamreligion.com%2F
desc:	AcollectionofarticlesonMuslimbeliefandpractice.IncludessectionsonbecomingaMuslimandcurrentissues.

title:	Salaam.co.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salaam.co.uk%2F
desc:	AUK-basedportalforMuslimsoffersnews;listingsofmosques,charities,andeducationalinstitutions;anadvicesection;booksandaudioresources;andacollectionofarticleswithlinks.

title:	Art in Miniature 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FMiniatures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.art-in-miniature.org%2F
desc:	Contemporaryminiatureartincludingpicturegallery,featuredartist,artsocieties,teachers,portraitpainters,artmaterials,books,artistsuppliers,andchildren'sawards;presentedbytheHilliardSociety.

title:	Miniature Art Society of Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FMiniatures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miniature-art.com%2F
desc:	encouragesartiststobecomeinvolvedintheworldofminiatures

title:	Robitaille, Lu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FMiniatures&url=http%3A%2F%2Flurobitailleartist.com%2F
desc:	MiniaturefineartoriginalsofOntario'sGeorgianBayandtheHuroniaarea.Images,exhibitions,andtraveldirections.

title:	Wu, Cynthia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FMiniatures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.shaw.ca%2Fministonepaint%2F
desc:	MiniaturelandscapepaintingsonstonesusingChinesetechniques.Imagesandnoteontheartist.

title:	Architecture of Isfahan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FPeriods_and_Styles%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isfahan.org.uk%2F
desc:	BeautifulphotographyenhancesthistouraroundtheIraniancitynotablefortheGrandMosqueandotherbuildingsaroundtheGreatSquare,aWorldHeritagesite.ByThomasRochfordofAngliaPolytechnicUniversity.

title:	Early Islamic Tiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FPeriods_and_Styles%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anthonyralphgallery.com%2F
desc:	Anon-lineexhibitionof14th-17thcenturydecorativetilescollectedin1880-86byLockwooddeForest.ScholarlycommentsbyAnthonySlayter-Ralph.BiographyofdeForest.

title:	Islamic Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FPeriods_and_Styles%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatbuildings.com%2Ftypes%2Fstyles%2Fislamic.html
desc:	ImagesandinformationonoutstandingmosquesandotherexamplesofmonumentalIslamicarchitectureinSpain,theMiddleEast,IndiaandNorthAfrica,fromGreatBuildingsOnline.

title:	Islamic Architecture at the MIT Rotch Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FPeriods_and_Styles%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Flibguides.mit.edu%2Fislam-arch%2F
desc:	TextualandvisualresourcesonIslamicarchitecturearoundtheworld.IncludesacollectionofimagesfromtheAgaKhanVisualArchives.

title:	Islamic Architecture: An Appreciation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FPeriods_and_Styles%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amaana.org%2Ftajik%2Fsakarchit.htm
desc:	SakarDatooexplainsthedevelopmentofIslamicarchitecture,withreferences.PartofIsmailiWeb.

title:	Islamic Art Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FPeriods_and_Styles%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islamic-art.org%2F
desc:	TheThesaurusIslamicusFoundationprovidesmaterialonIslamicartandarchitectureincludingphotographsofIslamicmonumentsinCairo.

title:	Religious Architecture and Islamic Cultures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FPeriods_and_Styles%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.mit.edu%2F4.614%2Fwww%2F
desc:	OverviewofacourseattheMassachusettsInstituteofTechnologybyProf.NasserRabbat.IllustratedoutlinehistoryofIslamicarchitecture.

title:	Wonders of Az-Zahra and other Andalusian Palaces 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FPeriods_and_Styles%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcyberistan.org%2Fislamic%2Fzahra.html
desc:	EssaybyDr.A.Zahoorontheextravagantpleasurepalacesbuiltinthe10thcenturybyIslamicpotentatesinSpain.

title:	British Horseracing Authority 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishhorseracing.com%2F
desc:	TheofficialgoverningbodyofBritishhorseracing.Providesnews,resources,andtickets.

title:	The Jockey Club - UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thejockeyclub.co.uk%2F
desc:	RegulateshorseracinginGreatBritain,ownsandoperatesracecourses,managestraininggrounds,andraisesandmanagescharitablefunds.

title:	National Trainers Federation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racehorsetrainers.org%2F
desc:	ContainsmembershipdirectoryoflicensedracehorsetrainersintheUK,detailsofbenefits,relatedlinksandpressreleases.

title:	The Racecourse Association (RCA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishracecourses.org%2F
desc:	Thetradeorganisationrepresentingthefifty-nineracecoursesinBritain.Providesracingfixturesbymonthandtrack.

title:	Thoroughbred Breeders Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FAssociations%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thoroughbredbreedersassociation.co.uk%2F
desc:	TheTBAactsasthe"voice"oftheBritishThoroughbredbreeder.SituatedinNewmarketandassistsbreederswithgeneralproblems,implementstheBreeders'Prizesscheme.News,membershipinformationandevents.

title:	Celestial Navigation Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeomatics%2FNavigation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.celestialnavigation.net%2F
desc:	Annotatedhubsiteofresourcesrelatingtonavigatingbythestars,includingtheory,practice,history,instruments,andclassroomlinks.

title:	German Institute of Navigation (DGON) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeomatics%2FNavigation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dgon.de%2F
desc:	Abouttheorganization.

title:	The Institute of Navigation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeomatics%2FNavigation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ion.org%2F
desc:	Meetingprogramswithabstracts.Awardwinnersandnominationforms.Membershipinformation.Onlineversionofthequarterlynewsletter.Indexoftheorganization'sannualjournal.

title:	International Association of Institutes of Navigation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeomatics%2FNavigation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iainav.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitmakingorganisationwiththeobjectiveofunitingnationalandmultinationalinstitutesandorganisationswhichaimtofosterhumanactivitiesatsea,intheair,inspaceandonland.ProvidesinformationontheAssociation,membership,newsandevents.

title:	Lunar Rover Demonstration Navigation Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeomatics%2FNavigation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.cmu.edu%2Fafs%2Fcs%2Fproject%2Flri-3%2Fwww%2Flrd%2Fnav-home.html
desc:	AbouttheCarnegieMellonresearcherscreatingaprototypeforanewlunarroverthatcannavigateruggedterrainandthenavigationsystemthey'reusing.

title:	Royal Institute of Navigation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeomatics%2FNavigation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rin.org.uk%2F
desc:	AbouttheLondonbasedorganization.Membershipinformation.Onlinenewsletterandbriefings.Mailinglist.Searchtheorganizationslibraryorjournals.Competitionsandeventsschedule.

title:	US Coast Guard Navigation Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeomatics%2FNavigation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.navcen.uscg.gov%2F
desc:	News,updatesandadvisories.LinkstolocalUSCoastGuardssites.Downloadablepublications.

title:	The Aga Khan Program for Islamic Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FReligious%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.mit.edu%2Fakpia%2Fwww%2F
desc:	AttheMassachusettsInstituteofTechnologyandHarvardUniversitypromotesresearchandteachinginIslamicart,architecture,andurbanism.

title:	Arch Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FReligious%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchnet.org%2F
desc:	Anonlinecommunityforarchitects,planners,urbandesigners,landscapearchitectsandscholars,withaspecialfocusontheIslamicworld.Includesanextensiveimagecollection.

title:	Bait-ul-Futuh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FReligious%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alislam.org%2Fmosques%2F
desc:	WesternEurope'slargestmosque,openedOctober2003inLondon.TheAhmadiyyaMuslimCommunityprovidesparticulars,photographsandapressrelease.

title:	Canadian Islamic Center Al-Jamieh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FReligious%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cical-jamieh.com%2F
desc:	Virtualtouroftheplannednewbuilding.

title:	Delights of Muslim Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FBuilding_Types%2FReligious%2FIslamic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.bbc.co.uk%2F1%2Fhi%2Fworld%2Fmiddle_east%2F190282.stm
desc:	BBCNewsreportsonthesevenwinningprojectsoftheAgaKhanArchitectureAward-establishedtoencouragetraditionalMuslimarchitecture.

title:	ARO Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aroracing.co.uk%2F
desc:	NewsonArabianracing,includinginformationonthisyear'sfixtures.

title:	British Horseracing Board 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishhorseracing.com%2F
desc:	ThegoverningbodyofBritishhorseracing.Includesticketpurchasing,results,audiolibrary,specialracingpromotions,competitions,beginnersguide,breeding,ownership,sponsorship,betting,careers,mediacentreandindustryinformation.

title:	British Racing School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brs.org.uk%2F
desc:	Newmarketbasedtrainingschoolforthehorseracingindustry.Givesinformationonthecoursestheyprovideandcontactdetails.

title:	Go Racing in Yorkshire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goracing.co.uk%2F
desc:	DetailedinformationonthoroughbredhorseracinginYorkshire,includingnews,racemeetings,pressreleasesandracecoursedetails.

title:	Horse Racing Events 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingevents.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidescorporateandsocialhospitalitypackagesforUKandinternationalhorseracingevents.

title:	Independent Betting Arbitration Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibas-uk.com%2F
desc:	Independentthirdparty,offeringresolutionofunresolvedbettingdisputes,withanIBASregisteredbookmaker.

title:	Injured Jockeys Fund 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.injuredjockeys.co.uk%2F
desc:	Provideassistance,financialandpastoral,tooverathousandjockeyswhohavesufferedthroughinjuryandareunabletoride.

title:	Jaki Houston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equine-artist.co.uk%2F
desc:	Formerjockey,nowtopinternationalartistdisplaysherracingartwork.

title:	The Jockey Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thejockeyclub.co.uk%2F
desc:	RegulateshorseracinginGreatBritain,ownsandoperatesthirteenracecourses,managestheNewmarkettraininggrounds,andraisesandmanagescharitablefunds.

title:	The Newmarket Experience 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newmarketexperience.co.uk%2F
desc:	OfferstoursinandaroundNewmarketforgroupsandindividuals.

title:	Northern Racing College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northernracingcollege.co.uk%2F
desc:	Doncastertrainingcollegeforthehorseracingindustry.Providesinformationonthecoursesavailableandcareersinracing.

title:	Northern Racing PLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northernracing.co.uk%2F
desc:	Ownersof9racecoursesthroughouttheUK.Offershospitality,sponsorshipfixtureinformationonitscourses.

title:	The Racecourse Association (RCA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishracecourses.org%2F
desc:	Thetradeorganisationrepresentingthefifty-nineracecoursesinBritain.Providesracingfixturesbymonthandtrack.

title:	RaceScotUK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottishmultimedia.co.uk%2FRaceScotUK%2Findex.htm
desc:	Thoroughbredhorseracinginformation,links,sponsorshipandresourcesinScotland.Racereviews,tipsandbetting,plusequestrianartandracinglinks.

title:	Racing Ahead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingahead.net%2F
desc:	Monthlymagazineofferingdetailsonnationalhuntandflatracing,events,meetings,tickets,fixtures,andracecourses.

title:	Racing fixtures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingfixtures.co.uk%2F
desc:	FixturesforallUKhorseracingcoursespluslinkstolocalfacilities.

title:	Racing Post 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingpost.com%2F
desc:	Onlineversionofthedailynationalnewspaper.Providesnews,cards,resultsandracingstatistics.

title:	Racing Welfare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingwelfare.co.uk%2F
desc:	Acharitythatprovideshelpandsupporttoanyonewhoisworking,orhasworkedinthethoroughbredhorseracingandbreedingindustry.

title:	Scottish Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottishracing.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidinginformationonthefiveScottishracecourses:Ayr,HamiltonPark,Kelso,MusselburghandPerth.News,fixturedates,andracinglinks.

title:	Trevor Jones Photography 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thoroughbredphoto.com%2F
desc:	InformationontheNewmarketbasedphotographer,includescontactdetailsandacollectionofhiswork.

title:	Turfcall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.turfcall.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offerscoverageofhorseracingandhorseracingissuesincludingemployment,news,andviews.

title:	TurfTrax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.turftrax.com%2F
desc:	ScientificracedataanalysisforBritishandIrishhorseracing.

title:	Weatherbys Group Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weatherbys.co.uk%2F
desc:	AdministershorseracingintheUKandIrelandundercontracttotheBritishHorseracingboard.Containsmanyracingrelatedservices.

title:	Hassan Fathy (1899-1989) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFathy%2C_Hassan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatbuildings.com%2Farchitects%2FHassan_Fathy.html
desc:	BiographyandbibliographyfromGreatBuildingsOnlineoftheEgyptianarchitectwhousedancientdesignmethodsandmaterials,withinformationonhisvillageofNewGourna.

title:	Association of British Riding Schools (ABRS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abrs-info.org%2F
desc:	Representsprofessionalridingschoolproprietorsandprovidesawiderangingexaminationandtestingsystem.IncludesalistofABRSapprovedridingschools.

title:	British Association for the Purebred Spanish Horse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bapsh.co.uk%2F
desc:	TheofficialrepresentativeoftheSpanishStateStudbook,regulatingtheregistration,showingandbreedingofthePurebredSpanishHorseintheUK.Informationonbreedstandards,breeders,membership,events,andaphotogallery.

title:	British Equestrian Federation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bef.co.uk%2F
desc:	ThegoverningbodyfortheOlympicequestriansportsintheUK,affiliatedtotheFEI.Includesinformationaboutthesports,internationalevents,memberlinks,andnews.

title:	British Horse Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhs.org.uk%2F
desc:	PromotingequestrianactivitiesintheUK;offeringprofessionalqualifications.Informationaboutthesociety'swork,examdatesandsyllabii,access,roadsafety,news,andapprovedridingschoolsdirectory.

title:	The British Show Horse Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishshowhorse.org%2F
desc:	ThegoverningbodyofShowingforHacks,CobsandRidingHorses.TheAssociationmaintainsaregisterofmembers,horsesandapanelofqualifiedJudges.Detailsofmembership,rules,eventsandaphotogallery.

title:	British Show Pony Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bsps.com%2F
desc:	Informationonlocalareagroups,showsandevents,ponyandriderprofilesandSocietyNews.

title:	British Showjumping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishshowjumping.co.uk%2F
desc:	ThegoverningbodyforshowjumpingintheUK.Riders'rankings,results,events.

title:	British Warmblood Society (BWBS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbwbs.co.uk%2F
desc:	MembersoftheWorldBreedingFederation.InformationongradinghorsesandponiesforbothforBWBSandBritishSportsHorses.Listsofgradedstallionsandbreeders.

title:	Cleveland Bay Horse Society of Great Britain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clevelandbay.com%2F
desc:	ProtectingandpromotingtheClevelandBayhorse.Detailsofmembership,breedhistory,breedersandevents.

title:	Endurance GB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.endurancegb.co.uk%2F
desc:	ThegoverningbodyforthesportofEnduranceRidingintheUK.Informationonlocalgroups,competitions,pleasureridesandhowtogetinvolved.

title:	Northern Ireland Horse Board Co-operative 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nihorseboard.org%2F
desc:	Anonprofitmakingco-operativeforhorsebreedersandownersinNorthernIreland

title:	Ponies Association (UK) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.poniesuk.org%2F
desc:	Promotingthewelfare,careandtrainingofhorsesandponies.Informationontraining,events,affiliatedshowsandresults.

title:	The Shire Horse Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shire-horse.org.uk%2F
desc:	Establishedin1878topromotetheOldEnglishBreedofCartHorse.Offersbreedinformationandstandards,membershipdetails,showsandevents.

title:	The Veteran Horse Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.veteran-horse-society.co.uk%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothecareandwelfareofhorsesandponiesovertheageof15.Provideshistory,membershipinformationandregionalcontacts.

title:	The Western Equestrian Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FAssociations%2FRegions%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wes-uk.com%2F
desc:	Formedin1985topromoteandimprovethestandardofwesternhorsemanshipintheUnitedKingdom.Offeringinformationaboutthesociety,competitionsandshows,yearendchampionships,clinics,membershipform,andnews.

title:	BBC: Quixall hopes for star turn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing%2FQuixall_Crossett&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.bbc.co.uk%2Fsport1%2Fhi%2Ffunny_old_game%2F1432205.stm
desc:	AnastrologerhasbeendraftedintohelpBritain'sworstracehorse,QuixallCrossett,preparetowinhisfirstracein100outings.

title:	North East: Birthday celebrations for region's favourite loser 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FHorse_Racing%2FQuixall_Crossett&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchive.thenorthernecho.co.uk%2F2000%2F12%2F31%2F182955.html
desc:	AmilestonefortheNorth-East'srecord-breakingracehorse,QuixallCrossett,whoturns16.

title:	Bleu Blanc Turc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9gional%2FAsie%2FTurquie%2FArts_et_culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bleublancturc.com%2F
desc:	Ceportaildesrelationsfranco-turquesdonnedesinformationsculturellesethistoriques.Proposeaussiunforum.

title:	CERIAS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cerias.purdue.edu%2F
desc:	CenterforEducationandResearchinInformationAssuranceandSecurity.Universitycenterformultidisciplinaryresearchandeducationinareasofinformationsecurity.

title:	US-CERT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.us-cert.gov%2F
desc:	Establishedin2003toprotectthenation'sInternetinfrastructure,US-CERTcoordinatesdefenseagainstandresponsestocyberattacksacrossthenation.

title:	Apache HTTP Server Vulnerability Lists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhttpd.apache.org%2Fsecurity_report.html
desc:	ListsofsecurityproblemsfixedinreleasedversionsoftheApacheHTTPServer.

title:	AusCERT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auscert.org.au%2F
desc:	AustralianComputerEmergencyResponseTeam.Advisoriesandtools.

title:	Bugtraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.securityfocus.com%2Farchive%2F1
desc:	Independentsourceforsecurityvulnerabilities,alerts,andthreats.

title:	CERT Coordination Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cert.org%2F
desc:	StudiesInternetsecurityvulnerabilities,providesincidentresponseservicestositesthathavebeenthevictimsofattack,publishesavarietyofsecurityalerts,researchessecurityandsurvivabilityinwide-area-networkedcomputing,anddevelopsinformationtoimprovesitesecurity.

title:	Open Source Vulnerability Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fosvdb.org%2F
desc:	Searchabledatabaseofvulnerabilities.OffersdatafordownloadinXMLformataswellasviawebsite.Detailsofhowtosubmitnewvulnerabilities,databaseschemaandFAQ.

title:	Patch Management Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fpatchmgmt%2F
desc:	Mailinglistfacilitatesnetworkingandinformationexchangerelatedtopatchmanagement:announcements,testing,verification,operationsprocesses,andvulnerabilities.

title:	PatchAdvisor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.patchadvisor.com%2F
desc:	Feebasedpatchalertservice.

title:	PatchManagement.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.patchmanagement.org%2F
desc:	Mailinglistdedicatedtothediscussionofpatchmanagement.

title:	Furness, Frank (1839-1912) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philadelphiabuildings.org%2Fpab%2Fapp%2Far_display.cfm%3FArchitectId%3DA0478
desc:	Biography,projects,andphotographsfromthePhiladelphiaArchitectsandBuildingsProject.

title:	SANS Internet Storm Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fisc.sans.org%2F
desc:	Cooperativecyberthreatmonitorandalertsystem.Featuresdailyhandlerdiariesthatsummarizeandanalyzenewthreatsandevents.

title:	Secunia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsecunia.com%2F
desc:	Providessecurityadvisoriesandinformationaboutpatches,andprovidessoftwareforvulnerabilitymanagement.

title:	SecurityFocus: Bugtraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSecurity%2FAdvisories_and_Patches&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.securityfocus.com%2Frss%2Fvulnerabilities.xml
desc:	Fulldisclosurecomputersecurityvulnerabilitiesfeed.

title:	Alexis Burris 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Falexisburris.com%2F
desc:	Specialisesinoilpaintingsthatdepictmainlywesternandracingscenes.Includesinformationonplacingcommissionsandagalleryofprintsforsale.

title:	Alpha Mare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equineartist.com%2F
desc:	Paintings,drawingsandprintsofhorsesbyartist,KarenBakerThumm.Specializinginsportingart,ponies,foalsandcompanionhorses.

title:	Arteque Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artequestudio.com%2F
desc:	FeaturestheworkofFranziPfeiffer.Offersbothlimitededitionreproductionsandinformationconcerningcommissions.

title:	C. L. Kieffer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paintshorses.com%2F
desc:	Concentratingonthegourdartandpencilworkofthisequineandwesternartist.Includesportfolioofpastworks,bothoriginalsandprints,andacatalogueofgourdsforsale.

title:	Carol Roark Studios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carolroark.com%2F
desc:	Anexhibitofheroriginalsaswellasherlineoflimitededitionprints.

title:	The Castlemaster Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthecastlemaster.com%2F
desc:	Assortedoriginalartwork,figurines,andphotographyoftheartist'KHW'offeredforsale.Alsoincludesartistbiography.

title:	Cathy Spearing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equinart.co.uk%2F
desc:	AdisplayofpencildrawingsbythisUKbasedartist,includingoriginalsandgreetingscards.Alsofeaturesapricelistforcommissionsandagalleryofpastworks.

title:	Claire Kitcher - New Forest Artist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ckart.co.uk%2F
desc:	Equineartbycommission,andworktopsaversdirectfromtheartist.Websitedesignanddigitalimagery.UK.

title:	Creekside Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joanlarson.com%2F
desc:	GalleryshowingtheworkofCanadianpastelartistJoanLarson.Includesartistbiographyandexamplesofworksincludingsaleofprints.

title:	Avon Riding Centre for the Disabled 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avonridingcentre.org.uk%2F
desc:	Purpose-builtRDAcentresprovidingtheopportunityfordisabledchildrenandadultstorideeachweek.Includeslatestnews,detailsofhorsesandponies,fundraising,sponsorshipanddiarydates.LocatedinBristol.

title:	Bannockburn RDA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bannockburnrda.org.uk%2F
desc:	Stirlinggroup.Includesmeetings,events,newsletterandlocation.

title:	Chigwell Riding Trust for Special Needs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chigride.co.uk%2F
desc:	SpecialistridingcentreinEssex.Diary,newsandrequestforvolunteerhelpers.

title:	Elisabeth Curtis Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elisabethcurtiscentre.co.uk%2F
desc:	RidingfortheDisabledgroupnearBedford.Includeshistory,riders,ponies,diarydates,apoem,anddetailsofRDAholidays.

title:	Epsom Riding for the Disabled 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fepsomrda.btck.co.uk%2F
desc:	Includesevents,news,horsepicturesanddetails,donationandfacilitiesinformation.LocatedinSurrey.

title:	Felicity Coulthard Equestrian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fcequestrian.force9.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKbaseddisableddressagerideroutlinesherinterestandaspirationsregardingequestriansports,inparticularlydressage,andherloveofhorses.

title:	Cross Gate Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crossgategallery.com%2F
desc:	Conductsbusinessinsportingfineartprintsandoriginals.BasedinLexingtonKentucky.

title:	Dance-Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dance-studio.co.uk%2F
desc:	AnoutletforthemainlyacrylicworkofSteveDance.Featuresoriginalsforsale,apricelistforcommissionsandabiographyoftheartist.

title:	Elegant Horse Pictures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eleganthorsepictures.com%2F
desc:	Galleryofferingoriginaloilpaintingsandprints,principallyofwildhorseandwesternscenes.Includesacomprehensivecataloguewithfullshoppingfacilities.

title:	The Equestrian Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equestrian-gallery.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersprintsbyaselectionofartistsinthefield,plussculpturesandpaintings.Featuresagalleryoftheworkavailableandabriefbiographyofseveralartists.

title:	Equidae 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equidae.com%2F
desc:	AshowcasefortheoilpaintingsofTerryLindsey.Includesanewsletter,artistbiographyandgalleryofprintsandoriginalsforsale.

title:	Equine and Wildlife Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fbiz%2FMorabs%2Findex.html
desc:	GalleryofLynnPonto-Peterson,anillustratorwhoacceptscommissionsofhorses,otherpetsandwildlifeoriginals.

title:	The Equine Art Company. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equineartcompany.com%2F
desc:	GallerysellingequestrianartprintsandcardsbyBrettLohn.SubjectsincludeFrankieDettori'sDerbywinandracingscenesfromEpsomandNewmarket.Worldwidedelivery.

title:	Herons Ghyll RDA Carriage Driving Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.websdc.com%2Fheronsghyllrda%2F
desc:	SouthEastgroupwithcarriagesthattakewheelchairsandfiveponies.Committee,news,competitionresults,what'sonandphotographs.

title:	Nicky Thompson Para-Dressage Rider 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nickythompsonparadressage.co.uk%2F
desc:	WebsiteandprofileforNickyThompson,BritishPara-Dressagerider.

title:	Para Equestrian Rider 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.para-equestrian.com%2F
desc:	ProfileofKathrynWheelock,herhorses,performanceincompetition,andgeneralresourcesaboutridingforthedisabled.[NorthYorkshire]

title:	Riding for the Disabled Association (RDA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rda.org.uk%2F
desc:	AUKcharitydedicatedtoimprovingthelivesofthousandsofpeoplethrougheducation,therapyandfun.

title:	Savannah Equestrian Services Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FHandicapped_and_Therapeutic_Riding%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsavannahequestrian.co.uk%2F
desc:	Provideschildren'ssummercampsandridingforthedisabled.Includescontactdetailsandprices.Boston,Lincolnshire.

title:	Fiona Purdy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffionapurdyart.com%2F
desc:	ExhibitstheacrylicandpencilworkofthisArizonabasedartist.Includesbriefbiography,galleryoforiginalworksforsaleandexamplesofportraitcommissions.

title:	Horses R Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmelinda-horses-r-art.pixels.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesthedigitalinspiredworkofMelindaHughes-Berland.Includesartistbiographyandshoppingfacilities.

title:	Inland By Hand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inlandbyhand.com.au%2F
desc:	HumoroustimberframedprintsandcardsfrompencildrawingsbyAustralianartistJanAustin.

title:	Janet Crawford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equineartwork.com%2F
desc:	Paintingsdepicttheequestrianlifestyle-mediaincludeoilsandwatercolors.Somers,CT.

title:	Jeanne Rewa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eajr.com%2F
desc:	Featuresadisplayofworkinaselectionofpencilbasedmedia.Includesapricelistforportraitsandaselectionofprintsavailableforpurchase.

title:	Karen Lownds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karenlownds-equineartist.com%2F
desc:	Australianartistspecialisingineventingsubjectsusingoilpaints.Includesagalleryofcommissionedworksandportfolioofprintsandpaintingsforsale.

title:	Katie Upton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkatieupton.com%2F
desc:	Originalpaintingsoncanvas,limitededitionprintsandposters.

title:	Lanie Frick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laniefrick.com%2F
desc:	Offersprintsandgiftsofmainlyequinetheme.Subjectsincludewesternscenes.

title:	Lisa Miller 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thepaintedhorse.co.uk%2F
desc:	Portraitoilpaintingsofthoroughbredhorsesandracingscenes.Offersbothoriginalsandprintsforsale.

title:	Lydia Kiernan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lydiakiernan.co.uk%2F
desc:	FeaturesacomprehensivegalleryoftheworkofthisBreconbasedartist.Includesbiographyandfullshoppingfacilitiesforprintsandoriginals.

title:	Lynne McIntosh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equineart.com%2F
desc:	Specialisesinpaintingsofharnessracingwhilstalsoofferingcommissionwork.Paintings,drawingsandlimitededitionprintsofferedforsale.Artistbiographyalsofeatured.

title:	Mary Haggard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgreyhorsearts.tripod.com%2F
desc:	OfferslimitededitionprintsandoriginalpaintingsfeaturingtheArabianhorse.

title:	Nick Martinez 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nickmartinezart.com%2F
desc:	Artistspecialisinginracinglifeandthehorseindustry,offeringlimitededitionprintsofhiswork.Galleryofpreviousworksalsoavailabletoview.

title:	Palomino Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.palominoart.com%2F
desc:	ArangeofcardsandGicleeprintsbyartistMaryPoveyfeaturingHaflingerponies.

title:	Rod Skidmore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodskidmoreartist.com%2F
desc:	OfferspoloinspiredlimitededitionGicleeprintsandlithographs.

title:	Sharon Crute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sharoncrute.com%2F
desc:	Floridabasedartistwhosesubjectsincludefoxhuntingandjumpingscenes.Featuresagalleryofrecentworks,artistbiographyandacatalogueofprintsforsale.

title:	Silver Foxx Art Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Flady-faerion.tripod.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesthepencilworkofA.L.Applegate.Includesgalleryoforiginaldrawings,commissionpricelist,printsforsaleandartistbiography..

title:	Spirit of Horse Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spiritofhorse.com%2F
desc:	FeaturestheworkofartistKimMcElroy.Includesagiftshopofferingprints,calendarsandcoasters.

title:	Thomas Allen Pauly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.horseartist.com%2F
desc:	Chicagobornartistpresentshorseracingthemedprintsandpaintings.

title:	Tom Chapman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chapman-arts.com%2F
desc:	Originaloilsandprintsofhorses,wildlife,andpets.

title:	Twyla Brower Wehnes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twylawehnes.com%2F
desc:	Oilpaintings,watercolourportraits,ink,graphite,colouredpencil.Alsoincludesasectiononmodelhorses.LocatedinCalgary,Alberta,Canada.

title:	Uniquine Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uniquine.com%2F
desc:	FeaturestheworkofClareHobsonwhospecialisesingraphiteandcolourpencildrawings.Printsavailabletopurchaseonlinepluspricelistforcommissions.

title:	WoodSong Institute of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FSports%2FEquestrian%2FArt&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwoodsonginstitute.com%2F
desc:	MarilynToddDanielsofferscustomfineartpaintingsandprints.Oilandacrylicequineportraits,landscapes,floralsandstilllifepaintings.

title:	Came Home, Little horse, big heart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnoyze1.tripod.com%2Fcamehome%2Findex.html
desc:	News,history,pedigree,record,articles,andlinks.ThewinneroftheHopefulStakes,SantaAnitaDerby,andthePacificCupClassic.

title:	Famous Racehorses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.famousracehorses.co.uk%2F
desc:	Profiles,formandpicturesoffamousracehorses.Racinglinks,galleries,portraitsandloadsofracingresources.

title:	Second Running 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.secondrunning.com%2F
desc:	Horseracingnostalgiaataglance:ahistoryofhorseracingwithsoundsandphotosofthegreats.

title:	Thoroughbred Greats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tbgreats.com%2F
desc:	Biographies,pedigrees,andadditionalinformationaboutfamousracehorses.

title:	Unofficial Thoroughbred Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spiletta.com%2FUTHOF%2F
desc:	ProfilesoffamousAmericanracehorses,aswellasinformationonsignificantraces,pedigreeinformation,andadatabase.

title:	Council of Europe: Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FAnimal_Welfare%2FAnimal_Rights%2FHunting_and_Shooting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fconventions.coe.int%2FTreaty%2FCommun%2FQueVoulezVous.asp%3FNT%3D104%26CM%3D1%26DF%3D1%2F20%2F2009%26CL%3DENG
desc:	Informationofthetreaty(ETS104),includingthefulltext,chartofsignaturesandratifications,listofdeclarationsandreservations,summaryandexplanatoryreport.Europe.

title:	The European Commission: The European Community and Trade in Wild Fauna and Flora 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FAnimal_Welfare%2FAnimal_Rights%2FHunting_and_Shooting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fec.europa.eu%2Fenvironment%2Fcites%2Fhome_en.htm
desc:	News,backgroundtotheEUandwildlifetrade,EUwildlifetradelegislation,theECandCITES,usefulinformation,theCommitteeonTradeinWildFaunaandFlora,ScientificReviewGroup,EnforcementGroupandlinkstoothersites.Europe.

title:	Guardian Unlimited: Evidence Of Trauma After Chase Boosts Campaigners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FAnimal_Welfare%2FAnimal_Rights%2FHunting_and_Shooting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fuk%2F1999%2Ffeb%2F17%2Fhunting.ruralaffairs
desc:	ByPaulBrown,EnvironmentCorrespondent.

title:	Hunting and Hunt Saboteurs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FAnimal_Welfare%2FAnimal_Rights%2FHunting_and_Shooting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uel.ac.uk%2Flss%2Fstaff%2Felizabethstokes%2Felizabethstokes%2F
desc:	Thehistoryandtheoryofhuntsabbing.ByElizabethStokesattheSchoolofLaw,UniversityofEastLondon,UK.

title:	Fighting Sustainable Use 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FSustainable_Use&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.scientificamerican.com%2Farticle%2Finterview-with-crocodile-2001-03%2F
desc:	ScientificAmericaninterviewwithcrocodilehunterSteveIrwin,March23,2001.

title:	International Council for Game and Wildlife Conservation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FSustainable_Use&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cic-wildlife.org%2F
desc:	Campaignsforsustainablehuntingasaninstrumentforprotectionofspeciesandnaturalresources.Backgroundinformationanddetailsofworkinggroups.

title:	IWMC World Conservation Trust 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FSustainable_Use&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwmc.org%2F
desc:	NGOpromotingsustainableuseofwildresourcesasaconservationmechanism

title:	Man In Nature 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FSustainable_Use&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maninnature.com%2F
desc:	Aquarterlywebzinepublishingandreprintingarticlesonthesustainableuse/conservationdebate.

title:	Planning for Sustainable Use of Land Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FSustainable_Use&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fao.org%2Fdocrep%2FV8047E%2Fv8047e00.htm
desc:	Documentin7chapterspreparedbytheFoodandAgricultureOrganizationoftheUNasabackgroundpaperforAgenda21.

title:	Buckminster Fuller Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bfi.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesabiographyandbibliographyofFullerandimagesanddescriptionsofhisinventions.Includesgeodesicdomes,Synergetics,andDesignScience.

title:	Buckminster Fuller: Thinking out Loud 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thirteen.org%2Fbucky%2Ffilm.html
desc:	TVprogrambywNetStation,NewYork.Clipsandquotes.Videocassetteforsale.Galleryofexpandablethumbnailsofmajorworks.

title:	The Bucky Fuller Travelling Miracle Medicine Show 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westnet.com%2F%7Ecrywalt%2FBucky.html
desc:	BuckminsterFuller'sdescriptionofhisinventionswithpicturesofFuller.

title:	Chris Fearnley's List of Buckminster Fuller References 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cjfearnley.com%2Fbuckyrefs.html
desc:	AcollectionoflinksrelatingtotheworkofR.BuckminsterFuller.

title:	Dymaxion Projection Animation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westnet.com%2F%7Ecrywalt%2Funfold.html
desc:	Theearth,asrepresentedbyBuckminsterFuller'sicosahedralprojection.

title:	The Fuller Map 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nous.org.uk%2FBFMAP.html
desc:	BuckminsterFuller'sideasaboutgeometry,architecture,cartography,andcognitioninananalyticalframework.Includesreferencesforfurtherstudy.

title:	Geodesic Domes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insite.com.br%2Frodrigo%2Fbucky%2Fgeodome.html
desc:	Ray-tracedpictureofadomeandlinkstoinformationaboutBuckminsterFuller.

title:	Nature's Invisible Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.cruzio.com%2F%7Edevarco%2Finvisible.htm
desc:	TreatiseontheartandscienceofBuckminsterFullerbyBonnieGoldsteinDeVarco,withnumerouslinksandreferences.

title:	R. Buckminster Fuller FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cjfearnley.com%2Ffuller-faq.html
desc:	AnswerstofrequentlyaskedquestionsonFuller,compiledbyChristopherJ.FearnleyfromthediscussionsontheBitnetmailinglistGeodesicanditsUsenetgateway.

title:	R. Buckminster Fuller's Synergetics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rwgrayprojects.com%2Fsynergetics%2Fsynergetics.html
desc:	Atechnicaltreatise,reachingbooklength,aboutmanyoftheideasdevelopedbyFuller.Illustratedwith32colorplatesandsixdrawings.

title:	Synergetics on the Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grunch.net%2Fsynergetics%2F
desc:	AnintroductiontosomeofFuller'sinnovations:synergetics,geodesicdomes,fullerprojectionmaps,withillustrations.

title:	US Pavilion at Expo '67 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFuller%2C_Richard_Buckminster&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatbuildings.com%2Fbuildings%2FUS_Pavilion_at_Expo_67.html
desc:	Photographs,discussionandsourcesonthegeodesicdomedesignedbyBuckminsterFullerandShojiSadaoatMontreal,Canada,in1967,fromGreatBuildingsOnline.

title:	Active.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.active.com%2F
desc:	Allowsuserstoregisteronlinetoeventsworldwideincludingtriathlon,running,cycling,swimming,communityevents,andteamsports.Also,featuresarticles,news,andresources.[LinktoUKandEuropespecificinformationisfoundatthebottomofthepage]

title:	European Confederation of Baseball 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baseballeurope.com%2F
desc:	Includesnews,competitions,membercountries,tournamentrules,publications,linksanddirectoriesofplayers,coaches,umpires,scorersandcommissioners.[English,French]

title:	European Racquetball Federation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.european-racquetball.org%2F
desc:	Tournamentresults,rankings,playerinformation,discussionforums,news,andcalendarofevents.

title:	Golf Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.golfeurope.com%2F
desc:	Golfclubdetails,userreviews,history,rules,golferbiographies,forum,andtravelresources.

title:	Ladies European Tour 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ladieseuropeantour.com%2F
desc:	Aprofessionalgolftourforwomen.Includesplayerdetails,tourschedule,newsandaphotogallery.

title:	Glass City 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FComputer_Graphics%2FArtists%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkoljat.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Digital3Dartworksdepictingasilent,distant,andlonelyworld.

title:	Vivid Surrealism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FComputer_Graphics%2FArtists%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zazie.at%2F
desc:	Platformforsurrealisticart.Digitalart,design,misc.

title:	Aerobility 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aerobility.com%2F
desc:	Promotingopportunitiesinaviationforpeoplewithdisabilities.Informationaboutwheretofly,pictures,andablog.

title:	The British Paralympics Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paralympics.org.uk%2F
desc:	Charityresponsibleforselecting,preparing,entering,fundingandmanagingBritain'steamsattheParalympicGamesandParalympicWinterGames.

title:	Cerebral Palsy Sport England and Wales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpsport.org%2F
desc:	HistoryofCerebralPalsysports,classifications,contactsandsport-specificinformationfromthisadministration.

title:	Disability Sports Northern Ireland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dsni.co.uk%2F
desc:	Developsopportunitiesforpeoplewithdisabilitiestotakepartinsport,recreationandphysicalactivity.Groups,newsletter,projectsandphotogallery.

title:	Disabled Shooters Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.disabledsg.co.uk%2F
desc:	Claypigeonshooting.Offershaveagodays,events,andtheopportunitytocompeteinternationally.

title:	English Federation of Disability Sport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.efds.co.uk%2F
desc:	NationalbodyresponsiblefordevelopingsportfordisabledpeopleinEngland.Regionalpages,informationoncoaching,differentsports,publications,helpandadvice.

title:	Goalball UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goalballuk.com%2F
desc:	Governingbodyforthesport.Includesdevelopmentplan,eventscalendar,mailinglists,andcontacts.Featurestextonlyandgraphicversionsofsite.

title:	Greenbank Sports Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greenbanksportsacademy.co.uk%2F
desc:	FullyaccessiblesportscentreinLiverpoolwithaccommodationandrestaurant.Offersfoundationdegreesinsportsdevelopmentfordisabledpeople.Includesactivities,eventsandnews.

title:	No Limits Sports Club for Children with Special Needs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnolimitssportsclub.org.uk%2F
desc:	PromotessportfordisabledchildrenlivinginoraroundWestLothian,fromrecreationalactivitiestofullOlympicorParalympicstandard.What'son,reportsandnewsletters.

title:	Rugby Sport for the Disabled Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FSports%2FDisability&url=http%3A%2F%2Frugbysda.org.uk%2F
desc:	Disabledsportincludingswimming,tabletennis,bowls,andarchery.Specialeventssuchaspaddlingacrossthechannelandriverraftracing.

title:	Agram 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fagram.saariste.nl%2F
desc:	AdatabasebyR.Saaristeoftheworkofsomehistoricallyimportantarchitects,withphotographs,drawings,andmodels.Thearchitectscoveredare:LeCorbusier,Jujol,Loos,Duiker,Schinkel,WrightandMelnikov.

title:	Masters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vitruvio.ch%2Farc%2Fmasters%2Fmasters.php
desc:	Directorywebresourcesonfamousarchitectsandtheirworks,partofVitruvio.

title:	Andre Breton-What is Surrealism? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpers-www.wlv.ac.uk%2F%7Efa1871%2Fwhatsurr.html
desc:	AlecturegiveninBrusselson1stJune1934atapublicmeetingorganisedbytheBelgianSurrealists,andissuedasapamphletimmediatelyafterwards

title:	Bibliography of Surrealism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madsci.org%2F%7Elynn%2Fjuju%2Fsurr%2Fbio%2Fsurrealist-bio.html
desc:	ExtensivecollectionofbooksaboutSurrealism.

title:	Biddington's: Surrealism. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbiddingtons.com%2Fcontent%2Fpedigreesurreal.html
desc:	Aconcisedescriptionofthe20thcenturyvisualartsandliterarymovementSurrealismatBiddington'sPedigreeandProvenance.

title:	Dada and Surrealism: Texts and Extracts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpers-www.wlv.ac.uk%2F%7Efa1871%2Fsurrext.html
desc:	ByGerryCarlinandMairEvans.

title:	History of Surrealism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gosurreal.com%2Fhistory.htm
desc:	GoodintroductiontoSurrealismmaintainedbyMonicaSanchez.

title:	Hungryflower 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hungryflower.com%2Fleonreme.html
desc:	Surrealistpainters'linksandbiographies,includingLeonoraCarrington,RemediosVaro,AnaMendieta,andFrancescaWoodman.

title:	Research Centre for Studies of Surrealism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surrealismcentre.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Centrepromotesresearchexcellenceinstudiesofdadaandsurrealismandtheirimpactonmodernthoughtandculture.

title:	Surrealism.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surrealism.org%2F
desc:	Briefarticleandbiographiesofwellknownsurrealists.

title:	Surrealist.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surrealist.com%2F
desc:	Surrealism,surrealist,surreal,art,literature,music,dada,dadaism,andeverythingelse.

title:	The Surrealists Website 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surrealists.co.uk%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthemovementoftheearly20thcentury.Artistbiographies,surrealistmanifesto,historyandgalleries.

title:	Wikipedia: Surrealism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSurrealism
desc:	Encyclopediaarticleaboutthemovement.Includesthefounding,historyandsocial/politicalimpact.

title:	Exact Change 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exactchange.com%2F
desc:	Publishesliteraryclassicsofsurrealism,dada,fluxus,pataphysics,andotherexperimentalartmovementsofthe19thand20thcentury.

title:	History of the Cadavre Exquis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyberstars.com%2Fron-mike%2Fhistory.htm
desc:	Briefdescriptionofthisartistictechnique.

title:	No More Words 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-personal.umich.edu%2F%7Ermutt%2Fdictionary%2FNoMoreWords.html
desc:	A"non-glossary"includingbriefprofilesofvarioussurrealistsanddadaists.

title:	Palimpsest by J. B. Sclisizzi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paraethos.com%2Fpalimpsest%2F
desc:	Collagepoetry,shortexcerptsfrombooksincludingBreton'sNadja.

title:	Paul Colinet: Selected Prose Poems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcapa.conncoll.edu%2Fcolinet.htm
desc:	BelgianSurrealistprosepoems,translated.

title:	Personal website of  Eric W. Bragg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FLiterature%2FPeriods_and_Movements%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsurrealcoconut.com%2F
desc:	Featurestheartandbooksofthisauthorandartist.Provideslinkstootherpertinentsurrealistsites.

title:	Avila, Jinx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Frebellion%2Fjinxie%2F
desc:	GothicandfantasyartworkofJinxAvila.Fairies,mermaidsanddemons.Printsandoriginalpaintingsforsale.Withbiography.

title:	Barr, Joel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjoelbarr.com%2F
desc:	Doessurreal,andnarrativeartinoil,andmixed-media.

title:	Bartz, Joseph 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joebartz.com%2F
desc:	Presentssurrealisticpaintingsanddrawingswithdetailedexplanationsandashortbiographicalnote.

title:	Beal, Robert S 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beal-surrealiste.com%2F
desc:	ShowcasingtheworkofanartistfromOklahomawhospecializesinoilandintaglio.

title:	Becket-Griffith, Jasmine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strangeling.com%2F
desc:	TheonlyofficialwebsiteforGothicsurrealpainterJasmineBecket-Griffith(a.k.a.Strangeling).Galleryofwork,photosoftheartist,biography,andinformationregardingthepurchaseofcustomcommissionsandoriginalwork.

title:	Bellor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.skynet.be%2Fbs953646%2Fbellor%2FBellor.htm
desc:	ImagesoftheworkofthebelgiansurrealistpainterBellor(1911-2000),withbiographyandcollections.

title:	Ben-Shoshan, Orna 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ben-shoshan.com%2F
desc:	Israeliartistwhocreatesoilpaintingsandcomputerart.Images,biography,mailinglist,andexhibitions.

title:	Bomberg, Rachelle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artbomberg.com%2F
desc:	SouthAfricanartistcreatinglargeabstractsandsurrealpaintingsinspiredbythechangingmoodsoflight,sunandmistsovermountainandsea.

title:	Boussignac 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boussignac.com%2F
desc:	ContemporaryFrenchpainter.Imagesandbiographicalnote.

title:	Brandenburg, Robert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbrandenburgart.com%2F
desc:	Ohioartistspecializinginalteringpre-existingpaintingstoobtainapopsurrealiststyle.Includesbeforeandaftergalleries.

title:	Brevigliero, Battista 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brevigliero.it%2F
desc:	Italianartistdisplaysacrylicpaintingsoffiguresinmysticalarchitecturallandscapes.

title:	Cheval, Michael 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chevalfineart.com%2F
desc:	RussianartistnowresidinginNewYorkandinfluencedbytheOldMasters.Includessurrealisticcompositions,portraitsandinkdrawings.

title:	Clapp, Marsha 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftimespaceart.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Paintingsofanimalsandspiritualsubjectsonfeathers,paper,andcanvas.Withsomecommentsbytheartist.

title:	Conrad, Christina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcconrad.freeservers.com%2F
desc:	AbriefsurveyoftheworksofNewZealand'sleadingexponentof"artbrut",includingashortautobiographyandlinks.

title:	Cormier Splane, Margot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.margotcormiersplane.com%2F
desc:	Animaginativevisualstory,depictingablendofhumorandseriousinsight,treatedinahighlyrealisticmannerinbothacrylicpaintingsandserigraphprints.

title:	Cotton, Will 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.willcotton.com%2F
desc:	PresentsworkofNewYorkbasedpainterknownforhissurrealcandylandscapes.Paintingsexplorethemesoftemptation,gluttonyandindulgence.Includesimages,curriculumvitae,exhibitions,andnews.

title:	Cousset, Jean-Marie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjeanmariecousset.com%2F
desc:	Frenchartistworkinginavarietyofmediaandcreatingsurrealviewsofsubjectsincludinganimals,nudesandarchitecture.[FrenchandEnglish]

title:	Cukier, Ruben 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rubencukierart.com%2F
desc:	PaintingsanddrawingsbyArgentineartist.

title:	Cusimano, Joseph 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.josephcusimano.com%2F
desc:	Imagesofpaintingsbysurrealistartist.Alsoincludesinformationandlinksaboutsurrealism.

title:	Donikian, Simon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.donikian.com%2F
desc:	Cityscapes,stilllifesandportraitsinrealistandsemiabstractsurrealismbyArmenianpainterofRomanianschoolinglivinginQueensNewYork.

title:	Dosen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepages.ihug.co.nz%2F%7Edosen
desc:	Paintings,drawings,illustrations.Media:watercolor,tempera,colorwashesandpen.

title:	Du Xinjian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.duxinjian.com%2F
desc:	SurrealistpainterfromJinan,Shandong.Includesimages,biography,andreview.

title:	Eberle, Dick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdickeb.net%2F
desc:	Agalleryofpaintings,drawings,andwatercolors.

title:	Fikl, Gheorghe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fikl.com%2F
desc:	Romanianartistfocusingonfigurativesurrealism.Includesexhibitionscheduleandreviews.

title:	Fiveash, Nathan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fnf%2Fartwork%2F
desc:	ImagesofsurrealpaintingsanddrawingsbyLouisianaartist.

title:	Fox, Ginger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgingerfox.com%2F
desc:	Self-taughtartistfromTexasfocusingonmagicalrealismandhowweinteractwithnature.Includesimagegalleriesandbiography.

title:	Franano, Bobby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbobbyfranano.com%2F
desc:	PortfolioofaFloridaartistknownforpaintinglarge,colorfulcanvasesinastylehecallspop-surrealism.

title:	Franklin, Karl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myism.com%2F
desc:	Oilandacrylicsurrealpaintingsandlimitededitionprints.Imagesarebasedonreallifeexperiencesandobservationsbyselftaughtartist.

title:	Galderisi, Guido 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guidogalderisi.it%2F
desc:	Italianpainterknownforhisfantasticlandscapesandcreatures.InEnglishandItalian.

title:	Gilbertson, Darren 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftelusplanet.net%2Fpublic%2Fdargilb%2F
desc:	AportfolioofartworkbyDarrenGilbertson,B.F.A.Includescurriculumvitae.

title:	Gorin, Igor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gorin.kiev.ua%2F
desc:	Ukrainiancontemporarypainter.

title:	Gric, Peter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gric.at%2F
desc:	Collectionoffantastic/surrealpaintingsandillustrationsoftheCzechpainter.[Flash]

title:	Gritsiyenko, John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mobidick.ru%2F
desc:	SurrealistworksbytheRussianartist,andsomeinotherstyles.Imagesandcurriculumvitae.

title:	Gurevich, Dalit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dalitgurevich.com%2F
desc:	ImagesoftheworkofayoungIsraelipainterworkinginNewYork.Withbiography,curriculumvitae,andexhibitions.

title:	Hall, Philip 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphiliphall.us%2F
desc:	PresentsworksofanAustralianartistbasedinNewYork.Includesexamples,resume,andcontactdetails.

title:	Harper, Dennis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dennisharper.com%2F
desc:	Aselectionofimagesfromthestudio,eggtemperas,robotsfightingintheItalianlandscape,artf'artsake.

title:	Heald, Tony 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tonyheald.info%2F
desc:	Featuringthewatercolors,oilpaintingsanddrawingsofaBritishartist.Includesinformationaboutcommissions.

title:	Hill, Lilli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lillihill.de%2F
desc:	Surrealandfantasypaintingsinoiloncanvas.ThepainterisaGermanwoman,andalmostallofherpaintingsfeaturewomen.

title:	Hoey, Wayne 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waynehoey.com%2F
desc:	ContemporaryNewYorkCitypainterofalienation,mostlyexpressedbyfemalenudeswhohaveproblemswiththeircontext.Imagesandartist'sstatement.

title:	Hoffer, Dominique 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dominiquehoffer.ch%2F
desc:	Virtualgallerydisplayingsomeoftheworksofthisartist.Includesbiographyandexhibitions.

title:	Hughes, Richard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rhughesart.com%2F
desc:	Ohioartistpaintsoriginalsurrealistpaintingsinoiloncanvas.Imagesofhisworks.

title:	Jacobsen, John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnj.com%2F
desc:	Detailedpaintingsandmixedmediaworksoflonelyhumanfiguresplacedindesolatelandscapes.

title:	Jaman, Danijel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaman-art.com%2F
desc:	Croatianartistcreatingcolorfulpaintingsprimarilyinoilorwatercolor.Includesimagegalleriesandreviews.[CroatianandEnglish]

title:	Johnson, Eban 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Febanjohnson.com%2F
desc:	Darkanddetailedpaintings,anddrawings.

title:	Kahn, Scott 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biddingtons.com%2Fcontent%2Fcreativekahn.html
desc:	Anonlinevisitto"theTribeca(NYC)studioofsurreal-fantasypainterScottKahn",withcommentsbytheartist.

title:	Kalcina, Ivan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fivankalcina.glisco.it%2F
desc:	WorksbyaSarajevo-bornartistlivinginItaly.Includesimagesandbiography.

title:	Katia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmroussev.tripod.com%2F
desc:	SimplepresentationofaBulgarianpainternowresidinginHolland.

title:	Koleszar, Alex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fajkart.com%2F
desc:	AllegoricalSurrealismbytheCalifornia-basedpainter.Imageswithcomments,essaysandbiography.

title:	Kukowski, Jaroslaw 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkukowski.pl%2F
desc:	Showcasingthesurreal,fantasyandmagicrealismpaintingsofacontemporaryPolishartist.

title:	La Speranza, Luigi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lasperanza.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionoffantastic,surreal,andrealisticoilpaintings,drawings,andwatercolors.Severaletchingsareavailableforpurchase.

title:	Lecocq, Pascal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pascal-lecocq.com%2F
desc:	ThePainterofBlueandDivers-Hisworkincludessurreallandscapesandoperadecors,hehasbecomefamousforhisimagesofdiversinsurrealsituationsenvelopedinremarkablebluevistas.

title:	Lohmuller, Gyuri 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Fsurrealpaintings%2F
desc:	Biographyandportfolioofaself-educatedpainterfromRomania.

title:	Lowe, Ming C. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmingclowe.com%2F
desc:	ContemporaryCaliforniaartistwhospecializesinlarge-scaleexpressionisticoilpaintings.Subjectsincludesexuality,industrialicons,animals,war,death,andthemetaphysical.Imagesandbiographicalnote.

title:	Marlin, Brigid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brigidmarlin.com%2F
desc:	PaintingsinoilandtemperacreatedusingthemischetechniqueoftheViennaschooloffantasticrealism.

title:	Mason, Stephen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stephenmasonart.de%2F
desc:	AmericanartistcurrentlyresidinginGermanyandcombiningsurrealismwithelementsofromanticism.[GermanandEnglish]

title:	May, Dan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdanmay.net%2F
desc:	Floridaartistpaintingdreamlikeenvironmentsbasedonhumanandnature'srelationshipwitheachother.

title:	McCormick, Kristi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fjournal%2Fbeyondme%2F
desc:	Surrealisticimagesoftheworld.

title:	Merkle, Phil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philmerkle.com%2F
desc:	SelectionoforiginalpaintingsanddesignworkfromtheAmericanartist.

title:	Miller, Justin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.justindmiller.com%2F
desc:	Paintingsderivedfromabyssallifeforms,organiclandscapes,shellsandfossils.

title:	Mirland, John R 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmirland.dk%2F
desc:	Danishartistcreatingdark,hauntingimagesofloneliness,desperation,painandlustoftenwithareligioustwist.

title:	Miyakawa, Hikaru H 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhikalux.weebly.com%2F
desc:	ShowcasingtheworkofaJapaneseartistexploringthehiddentreasuresofthedark,unconsciousarchetypeswithin.

title:	Moser 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moserart.com%2F
desc:	Presentsaseriesofoilandmixedmediapaintings,withtormentedhumanfiguresinenigmaticandsurrealsurroundings.

title:	Mughal, Saqib 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saqibmughal.com%2F
desc:	ShowcasingtheworkofaFloridaartistusingwindows,doorsandfleetingglimpsesofgirlsassymbolicforms.

title:	Nisar, Ron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galwest.com%2Ffine_art%2Fr_nisar%2F
desc:	Original,surrealistic,anthropomorphicart.Nisar'sarthasbeencomparedtotheworksofDali,DeChirico,andTanguy.Heisanewandemergingartist.

title:	Olivos, Claudia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.claudiaolivos.com%2F
desc:	Oilpaintings,drawings,pastelsandotherartworksbyaChileanartistcurrentlyresidinginVirginia.

title:	Padilla, Miguel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.padillafineart.com%2F
desc:	SpanishAmericanartistcreatingsurrealisticimagerybasedonlandscape,historyandartifactsoftheAmericanSouthwest.

title:	Panzullo, Robert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbpanzullo.com%2F
desc:	PennsylvaniaartistcreatingsurrealandillusionarylandscapepaintingsinastylereminiscentofDaliandMagritte.

title:	Paxton, Stewart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stewartpaxton.com%2F
desc:	Contemporaryreligiousiconography.

title:	Peck, Marion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marionpeck.com%2Findex.html
desc:	Imagesofoilpaintingsbyacontemporarysurrealistandfantasypainter,withanexhibitionlist,comingevents,andcatalogofavailableprints.

title:	Pedroni, Maira 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Fmairapedronigallery%2F
desc:	Featuringthepaintings,drawingsanddigitalartofanItalianartistfocusingonthemacabreandvisionary.[ItalianandEnglish]

title:	Pelletier, Juliette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.juliettepelletier.com%2F
desc:	Dramaticpaintingswhichcombineclassicalimagerywithtechnologyandsymbolism.

title:	Perez, Santiago 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.santiago-perez.com%2F
desc:	FeaturingSurrealist-fantasy,HispanicandWesternlandscapepaintings.Includesinformationaboutexhibitionsandcollections.

title:	Pinto, Vito M 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvmpinto59.powweb.com%2F
desc:	Paintingsofstylizedfiguresdancinginstrangelandscapes,doneinacrylicandoil.

title:	Pitariu, Tatomir 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tatomir.com%2F
desc:	ShowcasingtheworkofadarkartistfromRomaniainfluencedbythemythicandmysteriousfolkloreofhishomeland.

title:	Pons, Eolo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biddingtons.com%2Fcontent%2Fcreativepons.html
desc:	Argentinianartistcreatinglandscapeandfigurativepaintingsfromnature,memoryandimagination.

title:	Pukac, Michael 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.michaelpukac.com%2F
desc:	AcollectionofpaintingsbyaLosAngelesartistandlivepainter.Includesbiography,statementandpressreviews.

title:	Ransom, John C 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnransomla.com%2F
desc:	PortfolioofanabstractsurrealistpainterfromVenice,California.

title:	Rapp, Otto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.telusplanet.net%2Fpublic%2Fottorapp%2F
desc:	ShowcasingthesurrealandfantasticrealistartofanAustrianartistcurrentlyresidinginCanada.

title:	Raymond, Lee-Anne 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leeanneart.com%2F
desc:	PaintingsanddrawingsbyanAustraliansurrealist,oftendealingwiththefantastic.Includesbiographyandexhibitions.

title:	Redman, Helen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.birthingthecrone.com%2F
desc:	Presentsfeaturesaboutwomengettingolderin"BirthingTheCrone:Menopauseandagingthroughanartist'seyes."Includesbiography,slidepresentation,bibliography,andprintorderinginformation.

title:	Rice, Stephen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stephenrice.net%2F
desc:	Watercolordrawingsandsurrealisticacrylicpaintings.Unusualmonotonetechnique.Withbiographyandexhibitionschedule.

title:	Richardson, Debbie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fin2%2Feyescape%2F
desc:	Eyescapes-Surrealist-symbolicoilpaintingsinspiredbyherlife'slessons.

title:	Richter, Jolanda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jolanda.at%2F
desc:	Selectionofvisionary/surrealpaintingsbyacontemporaryAustrianpainter.Includesbiographyandreviews.[GermanandEnglish]

title:	Rohde, Sonja 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsonjarohdeart.com%2F
desc:	HighlyornateandsurrealpaintingsinoiloracrylicbyaGermanartist.

title:	Roybal, Antonio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antonioroybal.com%2F
desc:	WorksofaNewMexicoartistwhoconsidershimselfaproponentofvisionarymannerism,fantasticrealism,andsurrealism.Includesimages,biographicalnote,andshortstatement.

title:	Sand, Mandy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.absolutearts.com%2Fportfolios%2Fm%2Fmandysand%2F
desc:	Israelipainterdisplaysfantasticlandscape,stilllife,andportraitinoil,anddrawing.

title:	Sebor, James 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seaboarcreations.com%2F
desc:	Portfolioofpaintings,prints,andFlashwork.Alsocontainsshortglossaryofsurrealism,includingquotationsfromthefounders.

title:	Shelegov, Boris 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbsh.freeservers.com%2Fhall2%2Fgalen2.html
desc:	Daydreams-SurrealisticpaintingsofUkrainianartist.

title:	Shores, David 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davidshores.com%2F
desc:	Texasartistblendingpopculture,mysteryandcartoonappealintohispaintings.Includesbiographyandexhibitionschedule.

title:	Smith, T 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftsmithartist.com%2F
desc:	FeaturingthepaintingswithbackgroundinformationofaTexasartist.Includesbiographyandstatement.

title:	Spivak, Alexander 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spivakart.com%2F
desc:	PaintsinasurrealiststylewhichhecallsPoeticSymbolism.Hasimages,curriculumvitae,andreviewarticle.

title:	Staal, Daniel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hellheart.com%2F
desc:	Dutchartist,exhibitingmacabresurrealistpaintings.

title:	Sterling, Kim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kimsterling.com%2F
desc:	Murals,drawings,paintings,andoddart,visualandliterary.Withbiography.

title:	Szlavics, Alexa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.szlavicsalexa.com%2F
desc:	Hungarianartistworkingprimarilyinoiloncanvasandinspiredbytheartifactsofancientcivilizationsandvisionsevokedbymeditation.

title:	Ten Sen Kho 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphotophilia.net%2Fshergal%2Fsenkho%2F
desc:	Eroticpainting,psychoanalyticvisualinvestigationsbyRussianpainter.Oilsoncanvas.

title:	Togrul, Mazhar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mazhar.togrul.s5.com%2F
desc:	ExistentialSurrealistfromIstanbuldisplaysworks.Includesmanifestoandexhibitions.

title:	Tom, Cynthia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cynthiatom.homestead.com%2F
desc:	Paintingsrepresentingwomenandrelationshipsinfantasticlandscapes.

title:	van Oostzanen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanoostzanen.com%2F
desc:	Samplesofwork,withabiographyanddiscussionsofconceptionandtechnique.

title:	Venjean, Daniel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.venjean.com%2F
desc:	Exploresastrangeworld,filledwithfantasticcreatures.InEnglishandFrench.

title:	Vijender Sharma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vijendersharma.com%2F
desc:	ContemporaryNewDelhisurrealistexploresmetaphysicalquestions.Includesimages,biographicalandexhibitioninformation,andreviews.

title:	Waguespack, John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnwaguespack.com%2F
desc:	SanFranciscopainterinspiredbyhistoricalandcurrentevents,religion,sarcasmandelementsofpopularculture.

title:	Walravens, Servaas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.skynet.be%2Fservaas
desc:	GalleryofworksbyBelgiumartist.Includesbiographyandexhibitioninformation.

title:	Warner, Nancie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nanciewarner.com%2F
desc:	Dreamlikeoilpaintingsdividedintofoursubjects:artofbeinghuman,dilemma,dream,andlifeanddeath.

title:	Werlin, Judy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FPainters%2FSurrealism&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjudywerlin.com%2F
desc:	Highlyrealizedimagerywithspiritualcontent.Paintingsaredonewithoilsandmixedmaterials,includingpencil,pastel,collagedblackandwhitexeroxes.

title:	Foster and Partners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FFamous_Names%2FF%2FFoster%2C_Norman&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fosterandpartners.com%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheLondon-basedarchitectsresponsiblefortheChepLapKokAirport,theHongKongandShanghaiBankandtheBilbaoMetro.IncludesabiographyofLordFosterofThamesBank.

title:	Foster, Norman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FFamous_Names%2FF%2FFoster%2C_Norman&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatbuildings.com%2Farchitects%2FNorman_Foster.html
desc:	Biographyoftheprize-winning'High-Tech'modernarchitectinGreatBuildingsOnline,withsamplesofhisworkandbibliography.(1935-)

title:	Sir Norman Foster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FFamous_Names%2FF%2FFoster%2C_Norman&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archinform.net%2Farch%2F400.htm
desc:	Biography,detailedprojectlistwithimagesandbibliographyarchivedatArchINFORMdatabase.(1935-)

title:	Secretariat.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSecretariat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.secretariat.com%2F
desc:	Featuresabiography,photos,racingdetails,pedigree,officialidentificationrecords,andBronzeFunddonationinformation.

title:	A Comparison of Secretariat and Favorite Trick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSecretariat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chef-de-race.com%2Farticles%2Ffavorite_trick_vs_secretariat.htm
desc:	Offersthetextofa1998articlecontrastingthe1973TripleCrownchampionandthe1997HorseoftheYear.

title:	Find A Grave: Secretariat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSecretariat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.findagrave.com%2Fcgi-bin%2Ffg.cgi%3Fpage%3Dgr%26GRid%3D1606
desc:	BriefbiographyandphotosofthestallionandhisburialsiteatClaiborneFarmsinParis,Kentucky.

title:	SecondRunning.com - Secretariat 1973 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSecretariat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.secondrunning.com%2Fsecretariat.htm
desc:	Resultsofworkoutsandraces,pluscareerhighlights,anddetailsofavailablevideotapes.

title:	Secretariat Remains No. 1 Name in Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSecretariat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.espn.com%2Fclassic%2Fbiography%2Fs%2FSecretariat.html
desc:	ESPNClassic'sSportsCenturybiographyofthehorsevotedthe35thGreatestAthleteofthe20thCentury.

title:	Secretariat The Greatest Thoroughbred in History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSecretariat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fjazz%2Fnutbush%2F
desc:	ComparisonofSecretariatandManO'War.

title:	Applying Sustainable Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biothinking.com%2Fapplysd%2Findex.html
desc:	Focusisonsocialandculturalchange,withoutwhichsustainabledevelopmentisunattainable.Pagesincludethreatsandopportunities,agendaforchange,practicalexamples,skilledpeople,modelsforchange,sourcesofinformation.

title:	Combustion in the Rainforest: Ecology, Energy and Economy for a Sustainable Environment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.combusem.com%2F
desc:	Aglobalholisticperspectivetotheworldenvironmentalpredicament.

title:	The Earth Institute at Columbia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earthinstitute.columbia.edu%2F
desc:	Solutionsforsustainabledevelopment.Videos,profiles,researchandeducation.

title:	The Empty Homes Agency 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emptyhomes.com%2F
desc:	HighlightingthewasteofemptyhomesandpropertythroughoutEngland:Information,solutionsandstatistics.

title:	Environment Wales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.environment-wales.org%2F
desc:	NationalAssemblyinitiativeinpartnershipwithvoluntaryorganisationsforprotectingandimprovingtheenvironment.Includesinformationonpartners,projects,andgrants,withnewsletteranddownloadableregistrationpack.

title:	Freshwater Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecological-aquaculture.co.uk%2F
desc:	UnitedKingdomcompanyprovidingservicesinthedevelopmentofaquacultureprojects.Backgroundoncompany,links,andcontactinformation.

title:	International Centre for Trade and Sustainable Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fictsd.net%2F
desc:	News,backgroundandotherresourcesfromcoalitionthatseekstobridgegapbetweenproponentsoftradeandsustainabledevelopment.

title:	Panos London 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.panos.org.uk%2F
desc:	Independent,non-profitinformationagencyproducingnewsandanalysisontopical,globalissueswithadevelopingcountryperspective.

title:	Sustainable Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.un.org%2Fesa%2Fsustdev%2Fnatlinfo%2Fnatlinfo.htm
desc:	AtitsthirdsessioninApril1995,theUNCommission"notedtheimportanceofdeveloping,amongtheorganizationsoftheUnitedNationssystem,acommonorcompatiblesystemofaccesstotheirrespectivedatabases,inordertosharedatafully,tostreamlinethecollectionandinterpretationofdataandtoidentifydatagaps,forthepurposeofprovidingmorecomprehensiveandintegrateddatatodecision-makersatnational,regionalandinternationallevels."

title:	Sustainable Development Gateway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsdgateway.net%2F
desc:	Thetri-lingualSustainableDevelopmentGatewayprovidesaccesstoover1,200links,acalendarofevents,ajobbank,theSustainabilityWebRing,listservs,andnewssitesdealingwithsustainabledevelopment.

title:	Sustainable Development Web Page, The 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colby.edu%2Fpersonal%2Ft%2Fthtieten%2Fsustain.html
desc:	Containsabibliography,casestudies,andlinkstorelatedsites.

title:	Sustainable Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sustlife.com%2F
desc:	Gatewayandstoreofawealthofonlineresourcestohelpyoufindwhatyouneedtoliveamorehealthy,sustainablelifestyle.

title:	UK Sustainable Development Commission 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sd-commission.org.uk%2F
desc:	Inspiresgovernment,theeconomyandsocietytoembracesustainabledevelopmentasthecentralorganisingprinciple.

title:	United Nations Sustainable Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.un.org%2Fesa%2Fsustdev%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtoimprovingthewellbeingofpresentandfuturegenerationsthroughthepromotionofsustainabledevelopment.

title:	World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wbcsd.org%2F
desc:	Organizationoftransnationalcorporationswhoadvocateforcooperationbetweenbusinessandgovernmenttobalanceeconomicandenvironmentalinterests.

title:	WWW Virtual Library: Sustainable Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ulb.ac.be%2Fceese%2Fmeta%2Fsustvl.html
desc:	Listofinternetsitesdealingwithsustainabledevelopment,includingorganisations,projectsandactivities,electronicjournals,libraries,referencesanddocuments,anddatabases.

title:	BBC: Sustainable development: Big not boring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FSustainable_Development&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.bbc.co.uk%2F2%2Fhi%2Fscience%2Fnature%2F6178138.stm
desc:	JonathonPorrittexplainswhysustainabledevelopmentisnota"boringcatch-phraseforsadgits".

title:	The Biotrade Initiative 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FTrade_in_Wildlife_and_Plants&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biotrade.org%2F
desc:	Documentsonstimulatingtradeandinvestmentinbiologicalresourcestofurthersustainabledevelopment.

title:	Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FTrade_in_Wildlife_and_Plants&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cites.org%2F
desc:	Textoftheconvention,publications,researchprograms,databasesofCITES-listedfloraandfauna.

title:	The European Community and Wildlife Trade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FTrade_in_Wildlife_and_Plants&url=http%3A%2F%2Fec.europa.eu%2Fenvironment%2Fcites%2Fhome_en.htm
desc:	DocumentsonEUpoliciesandimplementationofCITES.

title:	TRAFFIC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FEnvironment%2FConservation_and_Endangered_Species%2FTrade_in_Wildlife_and_Plants&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.traffic.org%2F
desc:	WildlifetrademonitoringprogramoftheWWFandIUCN.DocumentsonmonitoringimplementationofCITES.

title:	Carpenter Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FL%2FLe_Corbusier%2C_Charles-Edouard&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bc.edu%2Fbc_org%2Favp%2Fcas%2Ffnart%2FCorbu3.html
desc:	ImagesbyJefferyHoweofthebuildingdesignedbyLeCorbusieratHarvardUniversity,Cambridge,Massachusetts,US,built1962.

title:	Fondation Le Corbusier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FL%2FLe_Corbusier%2C_Charles-Edouard&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fondationlecorbusier.fr%2F
desc:	TheofficialsiteoftheLeCorbusierFoundationinParisincludesitsgoals,summariesofrecentissuesofitsBulletin,detailsofitsLeCorbusierbuildingsandabiographyofthearchitect.

title:	Le Corbusier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FL%2FLe_Corbusier%2C_Charles-Edouard&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatbuildings.com%2Farchitects%2FLe_Corbusier.html
desc:	Biographyandbibliographyofthismostinfluentialof20th-centuryarchitects,withsamplesofhiswork,inGreatBuildingsOnline.

title:	Le Corbusier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FL%2FLe_Corbusier%2C_Charles-Edouard&url=http%3A%2F%2Fagram.saariste.nl%2Fscripts%2Findex.asp%3Fdir%3Dcorbu%26pics%3Dcb%26tekst%3DLe%25A0Corbusier
desc:	BriefbiographyandpictorialsurveyofthepresentstateofmostoftheworkofLeCorbusierbyReinSaaristeandhisson.PartoftheAGRAMdatabase.

title:	Notre Dame du Haut, Ronchamp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FL%2FLe_Corbusier%2C_Charles-Edouard&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bc.edu%2Fbc_org%2Favp%2Fcas%2Ffnart%2FCorbu2.html
desc:	ImagesbyJefferyHoweoftheLeCorbusierchurch,built1950-54.

title:	Notre Dame du Haut, Ronchamp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FL%2FLe_Corbusier%2C_Charles-Edouard&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.demel.net%2Ffs-ronchamp.html
desc:	On-linewalk-throughbyScottDemelofLeCorbusier'schapelatRonchamp,consideredoneofthefinestandmostimportantbuildingsofthe20thcentury.

title:	Josef Frank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FHistory%2FArchitects%2FF%2FFrank%2C_Josef&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scandinaviandesign.com%2FjosefFrank%2F
desc:	ScandinavianDesigndescribesthestyleoftheSwedishdesigner.IncludesaphotographofFrank.

title:	Abacus Art Gallery. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abacus.itgo.com%2F
desc:	Artistsexhibitandselltheirpaintings.

title:	Art History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arthistory.cc%2F
desc:	Galleryofover5000images,sortedbyartistandtheme.

title:	Art-Katroz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.art-katroz.com%2F
desc:	Galleryofhand-paintedreproductionsvariouswellknownworks,interpretedinoilandacrylicsbytwoartist.EnglishandFrench

title:	Artabus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artabus.com%2F
desc:	Exhibitscontemporarypaintings,andfacilitatesdirectcontactbetweenthesitevisitorandtheartist.Purchasesaredirectlyfromtheartist.

title:	ArtUnframed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artunframed.com%2F
desc:	Offerscommissionedhandpaintedportraits,andmuseumreproductionsofEuropeanandAmericanartists.

title:	Avenues of Sight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avenues-of-sight.com%2F
desc:	Threedifferentartiststakingthreeverydifferentavenues.

title:	Bezembinder and Langerwerf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.kpn.nl%2Flange-bezem%2F
desc:	TwoDutchpaintersshowcasingacollectionofpop-artpaintings,andanimatedGIFs.

title:	Blistar.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblistar.net%2F
desc:	Non-commercialonlineexhibitionpromotingtheartofpaintinginpopularculture.Includesbiographiesandmainworksoffamousartists.

title:	Cuban Contemporary Painters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcubanpainters.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	ShowcasingtheworkofvariousCubanartistsworkingprimarilyincontemporaryorrealiststyles.

title:	Figurative Painters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.figurativepainters.com%2F
desc:	On-linegalleryoffigurativepaintingsanddrawingsbyvariousartists.

title:	Frank and Jeff Lavaty and Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lavatyart.com%2F
desc:	DisplaysimagesofworksrepresentedbytheNewYorkfirmofartistrepresentatives.Theyalsoselltransparenciesandstockimages.

title:	Intenseart.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intenseart.com%2F
desc:	GalleriesofMatthewBowerandassociates,publisheranddistributorof'FineArtWorks'.Includedareoriginalpaintings,limitededitionserigraphprints,andlithographs.

title:	JDArts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jdarts.net%2F
desc:	Collectionofabstractexpressionismpaintingsincludingsea,spaceandlandscapesbyCaliforniaartistsJeffrey,DebbieandRyanAllyn.

title:	Jim and Carol's Arts Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartgallery.carolsastrology.co.uk%2F
desc:	Avirtualgalleryofoilandwatercolourpaintings,drawingsandpoemsbyJimandCarolDunleavy.

title:	Kamp Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kampgallery.com%2F
desc:	ExceptionalturnofthecenturyoilpaintingsbyAmericanandEuropeanartists,aswellasappraisal,financing,researchandconsultationservices.

title:	Leningrad School Fine Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leningradschool.com%2F
desc:	1930-1990RussianandSovietoilpaintingfromtheLeningradschoolartists.

title:	Motley Focus Locus: Images Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motley-focus.com%2Fimages.html
desc:	Overtonesofheart,mind,andsensualityinalltheart,fromtheabstracttothefigurative,fromcartoonsandcrafttomoreformalworks.

title:	Newman and Saunders 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newmansaundersgallery.com%2F
desc:	FineearlytwentiethcenturyAmerican,contemporaryAmericanandcontemporaryEuropeanpaintings,withanemphasisontheHewHopeSchoolandBucksCountyTradition.

title:	Olga's Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abcgallery.com%2F
desc:	Largecollectionofimageswithbiographiesandhistoricalcomments.Sortedbyalphabet,topic,movement,andnationality/country.Offersanewsletter,andarchivesareavailable.

title:	Paint By Number Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpaintbynumbermuseum.com%2F
desc:	Offersexhibitoffinishedkits,setupbycraftseriesandkitdesigner.

title:	Paintings by Magwerez and Catte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lafrenchtouch.net%2F
desc:	AselectionofrecentworksbyMagwerez(inspiredbytechnomusic),andbyCatte(viewsofNewYorkCity,anderoticpaintings).

title:	PopGun Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sendcoffee.com%2Fdog-o-matic%2Fgallery%2Fpopgun.html
desc:	Paintingsandcomputerenhancedphotography,sendsomeoneaPopGunpostcard.

title:	Portraits South 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.portraitsouth.com%2F
desc:	Marketsthetalentsofnearly100artistsofnationalandinternationaldistinction.Sampleportraitsaregroupedbysubject,medium,andstyle.

title:	Ric Hall and Ron Schmitt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schmitt-hall-studios.com%2F
desc:	Collaborativeartistswhospecializeinpastelsinafigurative,oftensurrealisticstylewithasenseofnarrative.

title:	Roshini's Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fcocois85%2F
desc:	Hostspaintingsofseveralresidentartists',aswellasclassicmasters.

title:	Sobran Galleries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sobrangalleries.com%2F
desc:	Featuringacclaimedartistsfromaroundtheglobe,includinganonlinedisplayofpaintingsavailableforpurchaseandinformationabouttheartists.

title:	Southern Watercolor Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsouthernwatercolorsociety.org%2F
desc:	Virtualcollectiveofsouthernstates'artistsfromUSA.

title:	Traditional Fine Arts Online: Distinguished Artist Series 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tfaoi.com%2Fdistingu%2Falvarez.htm
desc:	ArtworksbyestablishedAmericandeceasedartistswithafocusonrepresentationalpaintings.

title:	Village Artists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyweb.tiscali.co.uk%2Fvillageartists%2F
desc:	AgroupofartistslivingandworkingwithinScotland'sCairngormsNationalPark.Informationaboutmeetings,workshops,exhibitionsandagalleryoflatestworks.

title:	Visionary Art Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvisionaryartgallery.weebly.com%2F
desc:	ShowcaseofthemembersoftheworldwidePrivateVisionaryArtNetworkofSurrealist,FantasticRealistandVisionaryArt.

title:	WebMuseum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FGalleries%2FVirtual%2FPainting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibiblio.org%2Flouvre%2F
desc:	Virtualmuseumofferingaccesstoartmasterpieces.Artistindexandathematicindex.

title:	Eugene Emmanuel Viollet le Duc -  Wikipedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArchitettura%2FArchitetti&url=http%3A%2F%2Fit.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FEug%25C3%25A8ne_Emmanuel_Viollet-le-Duc
desc:	Biografiaeopere.

title:	The Amateur Jockeys Association of Great Britain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amateurjockeys.org.uk%2F
desc:	TheofficialwebsiteoftheAmateurJockeysAssociation.InformationonhowtojointheAssociation,alistofamateurridersraces,thelatestcopyoftheAssociationnewsletterappearonthesite.ARidersDirectoryallowsjockeystoadvertisetheirservices.

title:	Carl Llewellyn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carlllewellyn.com%2F
desc:	AsitededicatedtoptopjumpjockeyCarlLlewellynwhichincludessomeincredibleNationalHuntphotos.

title:	Grand National Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grand-national-guide.co.uk%2F
desc:	AwebsitethatisdevotedtotheGrandNationalsteeplechase.

title:	Greyhound Derby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greyhoundderby.com%2F
desc:	Featureshistoryoftheraceandmembersbadgesfrom59racecourses.

title:	Jumping For Fun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jumping4fun.co.uk%2Fjff%2Fmain%2Fmain.htm
desc:	CoversPoint-to-PointsteeplechasingintheUKandEire.Includesphotos,news,FAQ,messageboard,andrelatedlinks.

title:	Point-to-Point 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pointtopoint.co.uk%2F
desc:	Latestentries,resultsandfixturesfortheseason,aswellashorseformandadiscussionforum.

title:	Pointing Yorkshire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpointingyorkshire.webs.com%2F
desc:	Point-to-pointhorseracingwebsite.

title:	Racenews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racenews.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKhorseracingandsteeplechasenews.

title:	Racing Post 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingpost.com%2F
desc:	Britain'sleadingindustryresource:racecards,bettingforecastsandarticlesforpuntersandprofessionalsalike.

title:	UK-Jumping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uk-jumping.com%2F
desc:	Aguidetohorses,peopleandplacesinvolvedinjumpracingintheUK

title:	Artful Jesters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FThematic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nicholasroukes.com%2F
desc:	Thiswebsiteisdedicatedtoartistswhotakethe"roadlesstraveled"--apathwayofvisualexpressionswhichrunscontrarytothehumorlessandthemundane.

title:	Payphones of the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FThematic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.2600.com%2Fphones%2F
desc:	Alibraryofpayphonepictures.Submitaphotoofalocalpayphone.

title:	Picturing Business in America: Hedcuts in the Wall Street Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FThematic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npg.si.edu%2Fexh%2Fjournal%2Findex.htm
desc:	ShowcasestheWallStreeJournal'sdistinctivedrawingsofnationalcelebrities,politiciansandbusinessmenandwomen.

title:	Speleo-Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FThematic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhawaiiflow.com%2FSpeleoArt%2F
desc:	Aninformalgroupofartists,basedintheUK,withaparticularinterestincavesandspeleology.

title:	Equine fitness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FTrainers_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equinefitness.co.uk%2F
desc:	EquineFitnesssourcesnewproductsonthemarketthathavebeenproventoaidinthetrainingoftheracehorse.IthasalsodevelopedtheNEWGirthheartMonitor.

title:	Kim Bailey Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FTrainers_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kimbaileyracing.com%2F
desc:	NationalHuntracehorsetrainerbasedinNorthamptonshire,England.Superbtrainingfacilitieswithtopclassgallops.Horsesforsale.

title:	Aintree Racecourse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Faintree.thejockeyclub.co.uk%2F
desc:	HomeoftheJohnSmith'sGrandNationalSteeplechase.LocatedinEngland.

title:	Cheltenham Racecourse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcheltenham.thejockeyclub.co.uk%2F
desc:	EnglishcoursehometotheNationalHuntFestival.Tickets,upcomingraces,news,andvisitorinformation.

title:	Foxfield Races 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foxfieldraces.com%2F
desc:	SteeplechaseheldannuallyeachSpringandFallinCharlottesville,Virginia.Includeshistoryoftheevent,asponsorlisting,ticketinformation,schedules,andregistrationfortheFoxfieldChiliCookOff.

title:	Haydock Park Racecourse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhaydock.thejockeyclub.co.uk%2F
desc:	NationalHuntandFlatracingcourseinEnglandwitharuralsettingconvenienttothemajorcitiesoftheNorthWestaswellastheMidlands.History,upcomingraces,news,andvisitorinformation.

title:	High Hope Steeplechase 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.highhopesteeplechase.com%2F
desc:	AcharityhorseraceinLexington,KentuckybenefitingtheHandicappedRidersAssociationandtheKentuckyHorseParkFoundation.Terrierracesandchildreneventstakeplaceduringtheevent.

title:	Huntingdon Racecourse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhuntingdon.thejockeyclub.co.uk%2F
desc:	ANationalHuntracecourselocatedinHuntington,Englandholdingsteeplechaseracingsince1886.Informationonracingmeets,membership,sponsorship,andflagshipraces.

title:	Iroquois Steeplechase 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iroquoissteeplechase.org%2F
desc:	OneofthepremiersteeplechasingeventsintheSouth.Events,tickets,directions,andphotos.

title:	Middleburg Spring Races 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.middleburgspringraces.com%2F
desc:	LoudounCountyVirginia'spremierSteeplechaseracessince1920.HeldannuallyatGlenwoodRaceCourseinMiddleburginApril.Offeringinformationonthehistoryoftherace,tickets,coursemap,andlocalaccommodations.

title:	Newmarket Racecourses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewmarket.thejockeyclub.co.uk%2F
desc:	SetintheheartofEastAnglia,England,andhometoTheRowleyMileisnamedafterKingCharlesIIwhofoundedtheNewmarketmeetingsfollowinghisrestorationtothethronein1660.Offersbothsteeplechaseandflatracingwithacompleteracingcalendarandcoursemap.

title:	The Queens Cup Steeplechase 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.queenscup.org%2F
desc:	HeldduringAprilinNorthCarolinaandhostedbytheCharlotteSteeplechaseAssociation,Inc.Offeringinformationontherace,courselayout,reservations,andhighlightsfrompastraces.

title:	Springdale Race Course - Steeplechase Races 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carolina-cup.org%2F
desc:	HomeoftheCarolinaCupandColonialCupraces.Tickets,sponsorship,viewofracecourse,andlivecoveragefortheseannualsteeplechaseracesinCamden,SC.

title:	The Steeplechase at Callaway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.steeplechaseatcallaway.org%2F
desc:	HeldthefirstSaturdayofNovembernearPineMountain,Georgia.Historicalfacts,scheduleofevents,tickets,sponsorshipsandvisitorinformation.

title:	Steeplechase Stake Races 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.steeplestakes.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofsteeplechaseraces,trainers,jockeyandhorsestandingsintheUnitedStates.Providescoverageandin-depthbreedinganalysisofGradedSteeplechaseStakeswinners.

title:	Virginia Gold Cup Steeplechase 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FRaces_and_Racecourses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vagoldcup.com%2F
desc:	ThisannualsteeplechasefixtureincludesTheVirginiaGoldCupRacesandTheInternationalGoldCup.HeldatGreatMeadowsinThePlains,Virginia

title:	Racing Chronicle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racing-chronicle.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKNationalHuntsteeplechasehorseracing.Racewinnersandplacings,pluspicturesoftheequinestarsoftheracingworld.

title:	Sporting Life  - Steeplechasing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sportinglife.com%2Fracing%2Fnews%2F
desc:	Britishsportsinformationservicewiththelateststeeplechaseandracingnews,results,andracestatistics.

title:	The Welsh National Hunt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FSteeplechasing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.welshnational.hyak.co.uk%2F
desc:	SteeplechasenewsfromWales,UK.

title:	Academy of Arts Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Facademart.com%2F
desc:	Profileofthefoundation,exhibitiondetailsandpaintings.Includesartistprofilesandgalleries.SaintPetersburg,Russia.

title:	Annalie's 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.annalies.com%2F
desc:	Specializingin19thand20thcenturyNorthAmericanandEuropeanoriginalartworksonpaper.

title:	Arlecchino Fine Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studiosoft.it%2FArts.htm
desc:	FineItalianartfeaturing20thcenturyartistsspecializinginlandscapepaintingsandstilllife.

title:	Art Latitude 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artlatitude.com%2F
desc:	Displayscontemporaryoriginaloilandacrylicpaintings.

title:	Arts-Mart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arts-mart.com%2F
desc:	On-linegalleryspecializinginmodernandcontemporaryEgyptianvisualartsorganizedbystyle,mediumorartist.

title:	Beryl Cook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berylcook.net%2F
desc:	Galleryofserigraphandlithographoriginalfineartlimitededitions,forsaleinUSdollarsfromFlanaganGraphics.

title:	Blue Heron Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blueheronartgallery.com%2F
desc:	Fineartpaintingsbyregionalartists.Onlinegalleryandlistofartistininventory.LocatedinHinesburg,Vermont

title:	Blue Nova Blue Jet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bnbj.ca%2F
desc:	FeaturingtheartworkofyoungCanadianartists.Originallandscapeandfloralpaintingsmadeofoiloracryliconcanvasorpanel.Laminatedprintsarealsoavailable.InEnglishandFrench.

title:	CalArt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calart.com%2F
desc:	FocusesontheCaliforniastyleofwatercolorpaintingwhichflourishedfromthe1920stothemid1950s.Includesworksinvariousmediums.BasedinEncinitas,California.

title:	Cantave Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjosephcantave.net%2F
desc:	OfferspaintingsbypainterJosephCantaveandotherHaitianartists.LocatedinHavervill,Massachusetts.

title:	Charles Plante Fine Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.watercolours-drawings.com%2F
desc:	EuropeanandAmericanneo-classicalperiodpaintings,drawingsandoilsketches.

title:	Chelmer Fine Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FPainting%2FGalleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chelmerfineart.com%2F
desc:	Offerscontemporaryfineartpaintingsandprintsbyavarietyofartists.BasedintheUK.

title:	Anderson & Co 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanderson-co.com%2F
desc:	Publicationsandresearchtoolsforthebloodstockindustry.FeaturingmagazinesfortheOwner,TrainerandThoroughbredBreeder.UnitedKingdom.

title:	BBC Sport: Horse Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewsrss.bbc.co.uk%2Frss%2Fsportonline_world_edition%2Fother_sports%2Fhorse_racing%2Frss.xml
desc:	Articlesandheadlinenews.

title:	BBC Sport: Horse Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fsport%2Fhorse-racing
desc:	News,articles,results,video,andaudioreports.

title:	The Big Project - Horse Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thebigproject.co.uk%2Fracing%2Findex.htm
desc:	Headlinesandlinkstoracingcoverage,organizationsandcourses.

title:	Channel 4 Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fracing.channel4.com%2F
desc:	Britishcoverage,includingcalendar,courses,presenters,competitionsandchat.

title:	Daily Racing Form 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drf.com%2F
desc:	Offersonlinepastperformances,liveoddsforallracetracks,freehandicappingsoftwareandThoroughbredhorseracingnews.

title:	Equidaily Racing Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equidaily.com%2F
desc:	NewsandheadlinesfromacrosstheUnitedStatesandaroundtheglobe.

title:	ESPN.com: Horse Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.espn.com%2Fsports%2Fhorse%2F
desc:	Results,schedule,cups,anddailyformforNorthAmericanThoroughbredracing.

title:	ESPN: Horse Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.espn.com%2Fespn%2Frss%2Fhorse%2Fnews
desc:	Headlinenews.

title:	Expertform.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.expertform.com%2F
desc:	Horseracingresultsandstatistics,coveringallmeetingsaroundAustraliaandNewZealand.Updatedonadailybasis.

title:	FOX Sports: Horse Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foxsports.com%2Fhorse-racing
desc:	Includesnews,featurearticles,odds,results,events,andvideos.

title:	Foxsports.com.au: Horse Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foxsports.com.au%2Fmore-sports%2Fhorse-racing
desc:	Australianandinternationalheadlinenewsandfeaturereports.

title:	Guardian Unlimited Sport: Horse Racing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fsport%2Fhorse-racing
desc:	Racingworldnewsandcommentalongwithinterviewsandbackgroundstories.ArchivesofmajorracemeetingsincludingtheGrandNational,AscotandCheltenham.

title:	Point to Point 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pointtopoint.co.uk%2F
desc:	Featureslatestentries,resultsandfixturesfortheseason,aswellashorseformandadiscussionforum.Requiresmembership.Includesdetails.LocatedinBrighton,UK.

title:	Aboriginals: Art of the First Person 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FEthnic_and_Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tribalworks.com%2F
desc:	GalleryoftribalartfromwestandcentralAfrica,Australia,andtheAmericas.

title:	Asia2You 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FEthnic_and_Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvietnameseartwork.com%2F
desc:	OfferingartworkfromVietnam.Includesaselectionofembroidery,lacquerandceramicpaintings,andlacqueredplates.

title:	Beascott Enterprises 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FEthnic_and_Regional&url=https%3A%2F%2Fculturalart.org%2F
desc:	SpecializesinMataOrtizpotteryandwoodcarvingsfromOaxaca.AlsosellsNativeAmericanbaskets,andIndianGondtribalart.

title:	Mask From Around the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FEthnic_and_Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.masksoftheworld.com%2F
desc:	Masksforsalefrommanypartsoftheworld,alongwithsomeinformationontheirsignificance.

title:	Wollondilly Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FVisual_Arts%2FEthnic_and_Regional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wollondilly.be%2F
desc:	Acombinationofcontemporaryart,lightingandtribalart.

title:	About.com: Horses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhorses.about.com%2F
desc:	KatherineBlocksdorfwritesabouthorses.

title:	BBC Sport: Equestrian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.bbc.co.uk%2Fsport2%2Fhi%2Fother_sports%2Fequestrian%2F
desc:	Articles,news,video,audio,andresults.

title:	BBC Sport: Equestrian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewsrss.bbc.co.uk%2Frss%2Fsportonline_world_edition%2Fother_sports%2Fequestrian%2Frss.xml
desc:	Articlesandbreakingnews.

title:	Equestrian And Horse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.equestrianandhorse.com%2F
desc:	Informationforthehorseridingenthusiastincludingtack,clothing,care,andtraining.

title:	The Horse Show with Rick Lamb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ricklamb.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesqualityinformationforbothEnglishandWesternridersandtheirhorses.Onlinerecordings,aquiz,participation.

title:	SportsQuest International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsportsquestinternational.com%2F
desc:	Horseorientedvideoandmultimediawithaninternationalfocus,fromtheproducersof"WithEquestrianTact"

title:	Hoegin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhoegin.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	CommentaaropVlaamseeninternationalepolitiek.

title:	"Crimes Against Humanity" reviewed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdannyreviews.com%2Fh%2FCrimes_Humanity.html
desc:	AbookreviewofGeoffreyRobertson'shistoryofmodernhumanrightsandtheprogresstowardsenforceableinternationallawsagainstwarcrimes.

title:	American War Crimes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islamawareness.net%2FWarCrimes%2FAmerican%2F
desc:	CollectionofarticlesabouttheVietnamWar,KoreaWar,andAfghanistanWar.

title:	Confront Genocide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ushmm.org%2Fconfront-genocide
desc:	Generalandin-depthresourcesongenocideandrelatedcrimesagainsthumanity.

title:	Crimes of War Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crimesofwar.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtoraisingawarenessofthelawsofwarandwarcrimesamongthemedia,policymakers,humanrightsandhumanitarianaidworkers,andthegeneralpublic.

title:	Frontline: The Crime of Genocide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fwgbh%2Fpages%2Ffrontline%2Fshows%2Frwanda%2Freports%2Fdsetexhe.html
desc:	Givesaclinicaldefinitionofgenocideandwhatmakesittheworstcrimeagainsthumanity.

title:	Gardens of the Righteous Worldwide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gariwo.net%2F
desc:	Internationalprojectaimedathighlightingthemenandwomenwhoresistedcrimesagainsthumanity,inspiredbyYadVashem'sGardenoftheRighteousinJerusalem.Events,background,andrelatedlinks.

title:	Guardian Weblog Special: War crimes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fweblogindex2%2F0%2C6799%2C516300%2C00.html
desc:	CollectionofnewscoveragefromnewspapersworldwideaboutwarcrimestribunalsfromNurembergtotheHague.

title:	Henry Kissinger War Crimes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zpub.com%2Fun%2Fwanted-hkiss.html
desc:	GivesoverviewandreferencestoseveralarticlesandessaysadvocatingtheindictmentofHenryKissengerformassmurdersinCambodia.

title:	Human Rights Watch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hrw.org%2F
desc:	Organizationtoprotectrightsofpeoplearoundtheworld,tobringoffenderstojustice,preventdiscrimination,upholdpoliticalfreedomandtoprotectpeoplefrominhumaneconductinwartime.

title:	Institute for International Criminal Investigations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iici.info%2F
desc:	IICIisaninternationalorganizationofprofessionalinvestigators,militaryofficers,lawyersandacademicsdedicatedtotraininganddeployingprofessionalsintheinvestigationofwarcrimesandcrimesagainsthumanity.

title:	Institute for War and Peace Reporting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwpr.net%2F
desc:	Anaward-winningeducationalanddevelopmentcharityfoundedin1991,IWPRinformstheinternationaldebateonconflictandsupportstheindependentmediainregionsintransition.Long-timepublisherofWarReport,IWPRproducesseveralelectronicreportingandmonitoringservices,allavailableviatheWebore-mail,inuptofivelanguages.

title:	International Forensic Centre of Excellence for the Investigation of Genocide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inforce.org.uk%2F
desc:	TheInforceFoundationinvestigateswarcrimes,crimesagainsthumanityandextra-judicialkillings.Newsandinformationonongoingprojects,listsofadvisorsandsupporters,upcomingconferencesandrecommendedreading.

title:	International Humanitarian Law 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icrc.org%2Feng%2Fihl
desc:	Information,treaties,andlegalmaterials,fromtheInternationalCommitteeoftheRedCross.IncludestheGenevaConventionsandtheiradditionalprotocols.

title:	International Society for Military Law and the Law of War 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ismllw.org%2F
desc:	Belgianbasedassociationtostudymilitarylawandpromotethelawofarmedconflictthatrespectshumanrights.InFrenchandEnglish.

title:	Juozas Kisielaitis - Accused Nazi War Criminal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkisielaitis.tripod.com%2F
desc:	BackgroundonaccusedNaziwarcriminalJuozasKisielaitis.

title:	The Laws of War 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Favalon.law.yale.edu%2Fsubject_menus%2Flawwar.asp
desc:	AsearchabledatabasefromtheAvalonProjectatYaleUniversityonuniversallyacceptedmeansofconflictwithhistoricaltreatiesandagreementsfromthe18thto21stcentury.

title:	No Peace Without Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npwj.org%2F
desc:	CampaignoftheTransnationalRadicalPartyfortheestablishmentoftheICCandsupportoftheadhocinternationalcriminaltribunalsfortheformerYugoslaviaandRwanda.

title:	Non-Turkish Crimes Against Humanity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.network54.com%2FRealm%2FNon_Turkish_Crimes_Against_Humanity%2F
desc:	Conflictshappenaroundtheworld;Turkeyisnoexception.Thissitepresentscrimes,ofequalifnotgreatermagnitudetothosecommittedinTurkey,allaroundtheworld.

title:	Prevent Genocide International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.preventgenocide.org%2F
desc:	Global,Internet-basednetworkofactivistsworkingtopreventthecrimeofgenocide,providinginformationoninternationallawsandpenalties.

title:	The Project on International Courts and Tribunals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pict-pcti.org%2F
desc:	CreatedbyNewYorkUniversityandtheUniversityofLondontoaddresslegal,institutionalandfinancialissuesontheincreaseofinternationalcourtsandtribunalsaswellastheiruse.

title:	Ramsey Clark, The War Criminal's Best Friend 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salon.com%2F1999%2F06%2F21%2Fclark%2F
desc:	AssertstheformerU.S.attorneygeneralhasbecomethetoolofleft-wingcultistswhodefendSlobodanMilosevic,SaddamHusseinandRwandantorturersasanti-imperialistheroes.

title:	REDRESS - Seeking Reparation for Torture Survivors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redress.org%2F
desc:	RedressisaLondonbased,internationallyfocusednon-profitlegal/humanrightsorganisationtohelptorturesurvivorsuseavailableinternational,regionalandnationalremediestoobtainreparationandtocampaignforeffectiveremedieswheretheydonotexist.

title:	Research Office for the War Crimes Tribunals for the Former Yugoslavia and Rwanda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wcl.american.edu%2Fwarcrimes%2Ficty.cfm
desc:	ProvideslegalsupportandassistanceinprosecutingindividualsresponsibleforseriouscrimesandatrocitiescommittedintheformerYugoslaviaandRwanda.FromtheCenterforHumanRightsandHumanitarianLaw,AmericanUniversity.

title:	US: Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (CSCE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csce.gov%2F
desc:	ThissectionofCSCE(HelsinkiCommission)isapartoftheexecutiveandlegislativebranchesoftheU.S.GovernmentandmonitorshumanrightsinEurope.Hearings,resolutionsintheUS.

title:	War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity, Including Genocide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww1.umn.edu%2Fhumanrts%2Finstree%2Fauox.htm
desc:	Principallegalinstruments,formtheUniversityofMinnesotaHumanRightsLibrary.

title:	Law and War: A Doctrine of Deterrence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FWarfare_and_Conflict%2FWar_Crimes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanthonydamato.law.northwestern.edu%2FAdobefiles%2FA982.pdf
desc:	FromUNChronicle35(1998),byAnthonyD'Amato.

title:	about:blank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FComputers%2FInternet%2FOp_het_Web%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aboutblank.nl%2F
desc:	Maandelijkse-zinevoorendoorwebloggers.

title:	Dagelijkse Standaard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dagelijksestandaard.nl%2F
desc:	Nederlandsepolitiekeweblog,opgerichtdoorJoshuaLivestro.

title:	GeenStijl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geenstijl.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuwsfeiten,schandelijkeonthullingenenjournalistiekonderzoekwisselenelkaarafmetluchtigeonderwerpenenprettiggestoordeonzin.

title:	Grutjes! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grutjes.nl%2F
desc:	Noemtzichzelfeen"contrapolitiekblog".SchrijftoverNederlandsepolitiekeenaanverwanteonderwerpen.

title:	Sargasso 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FWeblogs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sargasso.nl%2F
desc:	Biedtinformatieveenamuserendestukkenoveractualiteit,wetenschap,politiekofcultuur.

title:	Abordaxe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FGalego%2FSociedade%2FPol%C3%ADtica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fabordaxerevista.blogspot.com.es%2F
desc:	Revistadixital,deinfluenciaanarquista.

title:	Biotechnology Research Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ust.hk%2F%7Ebri%2F
desc:	Supportsresearchanddevelopmentprojectsinbiotechnologyandfostersco-operationamongacademia,governmentandindustry.

title:	Clear The Air - Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cleartheair.org.hk%2F
desc:	Antiairpollutioneducationandpoliticalactiongroup.

title:	The Council for Sustainable Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.susdev.org.hk%2F
desc:	EngagesthepublictodiscussHongKong'ssustainabilityissues.Providespublishedreports,discussionpapers,bulletins,articlesandonlinediscussionforums.

title:	EarthCare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earth.org.hk%2F
desc:	Organisationworkingonsustainabledevelopment.Containsnewsonthelatestactivities.

title:	Eco Expo Asia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecoexpoasia.com%2F
desc:	Atradeeventfeaturinggreenenterpriseandgreenliving.Providesfairdetails,exhibitorlist,eventschedule,andinformationforparticipants.

title:	Endangered Species Protection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.afcd.gov.hk%2Fenglish%2Fconservation%2Fcon_end%2Fcon_end.html
desc:	Providesgamesandeducationalmessagesaboutendangeredspecies.ProducedbytheAgriculture,FisheriesandConservationDepartment.

title:	The Environmental Campaign Committee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecc.org.hk%2F
desc:	Promotespublicawarenessofenvironmentalissuesandencouragesthepublictocontributeactivelytowardsabetterenvironment.Introducescurrentprojectsandfundingapplicationprocedures.

title:	Friends of the Earth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foe.org.hk%2F
desc:	Environmentalprotectionorganisation;promotesrecycling,renewableenergyandothergreenmeasuresinHongKong.

title:	Friends of the Harbour 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.friendsoftheharbour.org%2F
desc:	AimingtoprotectHongKong'sVictoriaHarbourfromexcessivereclamationorotherencroachments.

title:	Green Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greencouncil.org%2F
desc:	Aimstoencouragetheindustrytoincludeenvironmentalprotectionintheirprocesses.Includesdescriptionsabouttheirgreenlabelscheme,andeducationalmaterial.

title:	Green Power 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greenpower.org.hk%2F
desc:	OneofHongKong'smaingreengroups;onlineeco-tour.

title:	Greenpeace China 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greenpeace.org%2Fchina%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationonenvironmentalissuesandactivitiesconcerningtheGreaterChinaregion.

title:	Hong Kong Alternatives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkalternatives.com%2F
desc:	AgroupthatadvocatesforamajorurbangreenparkintheshorelinesofWestKowloon.

title:	Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astri.org%2F
desc:	Carriesoutappliedresearchanddevelopmentactivitiesinelectronics,communicationsandmaterialscience.

title:	The Hong Kong Association for the Advancement of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhkaast.org.hk%2F
desc:	Providesanintroductiontotheassociation'sobjectives,itsactivities,anditsmembership.

title:	Hong Kong Flora and Vegetation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkflora.com%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationonplantstudysitesandtrailschosenbytheQualityEducationFund.

title:	Hong Kong Harbour - SOS - Save Our Shorelines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saveourshorelines.bizland.com%2F
desc:	Workingtoprotectnaturalcoastlines,andenhancedevelopedstretchesofcoastinHongKong.

title:	Hong Kong Outdoors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkoutdoors.com%2F
desc:	FocusedonenjoyingandprotectingwildHongKong.

title:	Hong Kong Science Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lcsd.gov.hk%2FCE%2FMuseum%2FScience%2F
desc:	Introducesthemuseum'scollection,currentexhibitions,andeducationalservicesforstudents.Alsoprovidesnewsupdatesonsciencetopics.

title:	Hong Kong Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lcsd.gov.hk%2FCE%2FMuseum%2FSpace%2F
desc:	Providesprogrammesandexhibitionsonastronomyandspacescience.Includesinformationaboutthemuseum,programmeinformation,astronomicalfacts,andresourcesforschoolteachers.

title:	Kadoorie Farm and Botanic Garden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kfbg.org.hk%2F
desc:	ACentreforconservationandeducation.

title:	Living Islands Movement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.livingislands.org.hk%2F
desc:	PromotingsensitiveandsustainabledevelopmentofHongKong'sislands.

title:	Science in the Public Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.science.gov.hk%2F
desc:	Ajointcampaignbygovernmentdepartmentstoletpeopleknowmoreabouttheirscientificachievementsandtheapplicationofscienceandtechnologyinprovidingservices.

title:	Society for Protection of the Harbour 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FScience_and_Environment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harbourprotection.org%2F
desc:	AdvocatesprotectionofVictoriaHarbourfromexcessivereclamation.

title:	8th Day Center for Social Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.8thdaycenter.org%2F
desc:	Amulti-issue,socialjusticecentersupportedandstaffedby30congregationsofnuns,priestsandbrotherswhichpromotesanalysisandaction.

title:	Access Human Rights 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hrdc.net%2Faccesshr%2F
desc:	Aportaltohumanrightsresourcesonthenet,includingnews,governmentbodies,law,andtreaties.

title:	Anita Roddick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anitaroddick.com%2F
desc:	ThefounderoftheBodyShopreportsandcommentsonactivism,ethicalbusiness,humanrightsandenvironmentalisminaglobalperspective.

title:	Bayefsky.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bayefsky.com%2F
desc:	EncompassesthefullrangeofdataconcerningtheapplicationoftheUNhumanrightstreatysystembyitsmonitoringtreatybodiessincetheirinauguration.

title:	Benjamin L. Hooks Institute for Social Change 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.memphis.edu%2Fbenhooks%2F
desc:	AresearchcenterdedicatedtoadvancingtheunderstandingandpursuingthegoalsoftheAmericancivilrightsmovement.

title:	The Business of Torture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsamvak.tripod.com%2Fbrief-torture01.html
desc:	ArticlebyDr.SamVaknindescribessomeexamplesofthebusinessoftortureinvariouscountries.

title:	The Center for Justice and Accountability 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cja.org%2F
desc:	Workstodetertortureandotherseverehumanrightsabusesaroundtheworldbyhelpingsurvivorsholdtheirpersecutorsaccountable.

title:	Civil Liberties 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcivilliberty.about.com%2F
desc:	FromAbout.com-Columns,linklibraries,polls,anddiscussionsaboutpersonallibertyissues.

title:	ColorQ Human Rights Corner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colorq.org%2FHumanRights%2F
desc:	Featuresstoriesandlinksonworldwidehumanrightsviolations,particularlyissuesthatreceivelittleattentionfromtheWesternmedia.

title:	Concise Guide to Human Rights on the Internet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.derechos.org%2Fhuman-rights%2Fmanual.htm
desc:	Resourceforfindinginformationabouthumanrightsontheinternet.Linkstoorganizationsworldwideaddressinghumanrightsissues.

title:	Derechos Cafe - A Human Rights Hangout 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.derechos.net%2F
desc:	News,articles,linksandchatgroupsabouthumanrightsissues.

title:	Earth As It Is 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthe-stewardship.org%2Fearth.htm
desc:	Featurespolitical,censorshipandhumanrightsnewsfromaroundtheworld.

title:	Falkvinge on Infopolicy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffalkvinge.net%2F
desc:	AblogoncivillibertiesintheInternetagebyRickFalkvinge,aformerPiratePartyMEP.

title:	Global Witness homepage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalwitness.org%2F
desc:	Highlightingthelinksbetweenenvironmentalexploitationandhumanrightsabuses,particularlywherenaturalresourcessuchastimber,diamondsandoilareusedtofundconflict.

title:	Human and Constitutional Rights 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FHuman_Rights_and_Liberties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hrcr.org%2F
desc:	Includesconstitutionalrightscharts,linkstohumanrightsandconstitutionalrightswebsites,news,andresources.

title:	ESPN : Seattle Slew Exploded From Humble Beginnings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSeattle_Slew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.espn.com%2Fclassic%2Fbiography%2Fs%2FSeattle_Slew.html
desc:	SportsCenturybiographywrittenbyLisetteHilton.

title:	Seattle Slew 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSeattle_Slew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seattleslew.com%2F
desc:	Includesaprofile,records,awards,andarticlesrelatedtothe1977TripleCrownchampion.

title:	Unofficial Thoroughbred Hall of Fame: Seattle Slew 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSeattle_Slew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spiletta.com%2FUTHOF%2Fseattleslew.html
desc:	Extensivebiography,racerecords,photos,andthecolt'spedigree.

title:	ESPN.: Seattle Slew dies on 25th anniversary of Derby win 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSeattle_Slew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.espn.com%2Fhorse%2Fnews%2F2002%2F0507%2F1379099.html
desc:	ESPN'sobituaryforthestallion.

title:	About.com Seattle Slew 1974 - 2002 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=Sports%2FEquestrian%2FRacing%2FFamous_Racehorses%2FSeattle_Slew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhorseracing.about.com%2Fod%2Ffamoushorses%2Fa%2Faa050702a.htm
desc:	Tributetothestallionwithphotosandrelatedlinks.

title:	AgriHolland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOnline&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agriholland.nl%2Fnieuws%2F
desc:	Nieuwsvanenvoordeagrarischesectoroverlandbouw,industrieenpolitiek.

title:	Anda Suriname 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOnline&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suriname.nu%2F
desc:	ActueelnieuwsuitopdezeuitgebreidesitemetvelewetenswaardighedenoverSuriname.

title:	Astroh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOnline&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astroh.nl%2F
desc:	SterrenkijkervanNederland.Nieuwtjesuitdewereldvandeshowbusiness.

title:	Blendle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOnline&url=https%3A%2F%2Fblendle.com%2F
desc:	Eencombinatietusseneendigitalekioskeneensociaalnetwerk.Gebruikerskunnenopdewebsiteartikelenkopenviaeenonlineportemonneeenlezenopdesktop,tabletofsmartphone.Ookishetmogelijkartikelentedelen,tereagerenopstukkenenanderereactiesteliken.

title:	Duiding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOnline&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.duiding.nl%2F
desc:	NieuwsduidingenachtergrondenvanhistoricusMichielMaas.

title:	eLinea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOnline&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elinea.nl%2F
desc:	Biedtvoor9,99europermaandonbeperkttoegangtotartikelenvanverschillendemedia.Losartikelenkopenisookmogelijk.

title:	Fok 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNieuws_en_Media%2FOnline&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffrontpage.fok.nl%2F
desc:	Sitevoorjongerenmeton-linenieuws,recensiesenforum.

title:	Allen, Kit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kitskids.com%2F
desc:	Stylizedandcartoon-likechildren'sillustrations.

title:	Alley, R.W. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rwalley.com%2F
desc:	Drawings,comments,reviewsofcurrenttitles,andabriefbiographyoftheillustrator.Includespicturesofworksinprogressandinformationaboutschoolvisits.

title:	Alter, Anna 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.annaalter.com%2F
desc:	Children'sbookillustratorandauthor.Picturebookssamplesandinformationaboutschoolvisits.

title:	Anderson, Derek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.derekanderson.net%2F
desc:	Officialsiteshowcasestheauthor/illustrator'spublishedworksandoffersaglimpseintohisstudio.

title:	Artigas, Alexandra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Faleart.com%2F
desc:	Freelanceartistspecializinginchildrenanddigitalillustration,advertisingstoryboards,andcharacterdesign.

title:	Ashley, Carol 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carolashley.com%2F
desc:	LosAngeles-basedillustratorspecializinginchildren'sbooks,stop-motionanimation,andclothing.FormerlySmallHousePress.

title:	Atteberry, Kevan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oddisgood.com%2F
desc:	Children'sillustration,animation,andcharacterdesign.Alsoincludesdesignfordigitalandprintdelivery,greetingcards,andlogos.

title:	Bailey, Sheila 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.teleport.com%2F%7Enorthpaw
desc:	Onlineportfoliofeaturingartworkfromchildren'sbooks.

title:	Barbier, Suzette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suzettebarbier.com%2F
desc:	Traditionalillustrationsforchildren'sbooksandeditorials.

title:	Bostick, Blair 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blairbostick.com%2F
desc:	Portfolioofbrightandcolorfulwatercolorbookillustrations.

title:	Brandon, Theresa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheresabrandon.com%2F
desc:	Professionalchildren'sbookandmagazineillustrationinoils,watercolor,pastelandpencil.

title:	Breeze, Lynn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lynnbreeze.com%2F
desc:	Books,news,andanintroductiontotheauthor/illustrator'screativeprocess.Alsoincludesauthorvisitandcontactinformation.

title:	Brown, Suzy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FChildren%27s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suzybrown.net%2F
desc:	Featuringbothnewandpublishedillustrationsdesignedforthechildren'smarket.

title:	Asten, Robert van 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.robertvanasten.nl%2F
desc:	KandidaatvoorD66bijdeTweedeKamerverkiezingen2012.

title:	Azmani, Malik 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmalikazmani.vvd.nl%2F
desc:	LidvandeTweedeKamervoordeVVD.

title:	Berckmoes, Ybeltje 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fybeltjeberckmoes.vvd.nl%2F
desc:	LidvandeTweedeKamervoordeVVD.Cv,nieuws,artikelenenwerkzaamheden.

title:	Bergkamp, Vera 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fverabergkamp.nl%2F
desc:	KandidaatvoorD66bijdeTweedeKamerverkiezingen2012.

title:	Berndsen, Magda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmagdaberndsen.nl%2F
desc:	LidvandeTweedeKamervoordeD66.Persoonlijkegegevens,nieuwsenagenda.

title:	Blok, Stef 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stefblok.nl%2F
desc:	MinistervoorWonenenRijksdienst(VVD).

title:	Boer, Betty de 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbettydeboer.vvd.nl%2F
desc:	LidvandeTweedeKamervoordeVVD.Biografieenweblog.

title:	Sportgeschiedenis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FSport%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geschiedenis.nl%2Findex.php%3Foption%3Dcom_content%26task%3Dcategory%26sectionid%3D5%26id%3D70%26Itemid%3D149
desc:	Diverseartikelenoverenuitdesportgeschiedenis.

title:	Uit het Veld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FSport%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xs4all.nl%2F%7Edilanus%2Fveld.htm
desc:	Nieuwsbriefoversportgeschiedenis.Metverschillendesportenenmaatschappelijkeachtergrondenvandesport.

title:	Canadian Children's Book Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bookcentre.ca%2F
desc:	Anational,non-profitorganizationtopromoteandencouragethereading,writingandillustratingofCanadianchildren'sbooksbysupportingtheCanadianchildren'spublishingindustry.

title:	Canadian Society of Children's Authors, Illustrators, and Performers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canscaip.org%2F
desc:	Anational,professionalgroupforpeopleinthefieldofchildren'sculture.Supportsandpromoteschildren'sliteraturethroughnewsletters,workshops,meetingsandotherinformationprograms.

title:	Children's Book Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbcbooks.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profittradeassociationofchildren'sbookpublishersandproducersofrelatedmaterialspertainingtochildren'sbooksandliterature.

title:	The Children's Writer's Guild 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrenswritersguild.com%2F
desc:	Acommunityofwriters,illustratorsandeducatorspromotingexcellenceinchildren'sliterature.Featuresessays,newsandadviceforartistsandeducators,aswellascontributorsubmittedstoriesandillustrations.

title:	The Children's Writers & Illustrators of BC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cwillbc.org%2F
desc:	Cooperativeorganizationofpublishedwritersandillustrators.Listsnews,events,andmembershipbenefits.Canada.

title:	The CWILL BC Society Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing%2FOrganizations&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcwillbc.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	News,eventsandarticlesfromCWILLBCSociety.

title:	H. Wiegel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk%2FWiegel%2C_Hans&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parlement.com%2F9291000%2Fbiof%2F01542
desc:	BiografieopdesitevanParlamentenPolitiek.

title:	Drs. G. Zalm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FMaatschappij%2FPolitiek%2FPolitici%2FLandelijk%2FZalm%2C_Gerrit&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parlement.com%2F9291000%2Fbiof%2F01630
desc:	BiografieopdesitevanParlamentenPolitiek.

title:	Aaron Shepard's Kidwriter Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aaronshep.com%2Fkidwriter%2F
desc:	Resourcesforchildren'swriters.

title:	Adventures in YA Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adventuresinyapublishing.com%2F
desc:	Twochildren'swritersinsearchofreadersandtheinformation,markets,insidertidbits,andwritingadvicetheyfindenroute.

title:	BellaOnline: Writing for Children 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bellaonline.com%2Fsite%2Fwritingforchildren
desc:	Howtoarticlesandpracticaltipsaboutwritingforchildren,bothfictionandnonfiction.PostsbyAnnamariaFarbizio.

title:	Bethany Roberts' Writing for Children Workshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bethanyroberts.com%2FForWriters.htm
desc:	Inspirationalandinstructionalwritingtips,articles,FAQs,quotes,resources,recommendedbooks,andadirectoryofchildren'sbookauthorsandillustrators.

title:	Children's Books and Literature WebRing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fhub%3Fring%3Dkidlit
desc:	Children'sbookauthorsandwebsitesthatofferbooksforsale.

title:	Colossal Directory of Children's Publishers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchildrens-publishers.com%2F
desc:	Focusonmanuscriptsubmissionswithdirectlinkstohundredsofchildren'spublishers'submissionguidelines,how-toinformationaboutwritingforchildren,andhowauthorscangettheirbookspublished.

title:	Hedgehopping Newsletter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FHedgehopping%2F
desc:	Abeginner'sguidetowritingforchildren.Articlesandarchivesfromthenewsletter.Nolongerbeingpublished.

title:	The Horn Book, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hbook.com%2F
desc:	Reviewsofchildren'sbooks,articlesandinterviewsofauthorsandillustrators.

title:	The Institute of Children's Literature 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instituteforwriters.com%2Four-schools%2Finstitute-of-childrens-literature%2F
desc:	Children'swritingcourseavailable.

title:	Jan Fields 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.janfields.com%2F
desc:	LearntheNutsandBoltsofchildren'swriting.Informationalcolumns,checklists,quizzes,andbookexcerpts.

title:	Kiwi Write4Kidz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiwiwrite4kidz.co.nz%2F
desc:	Anorganizationforadultswholiketotelltalestochildren.

title:	The Purple Crayon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.underdown.org%2F
desc:	Anarchiveofinformationforwriters,illustrators,librarians,teachers,andothersinterestedinthepublishingofchildren'sbooks.

title:	Sci/ Why 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsci-why.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Canadianchildren'swritersdiscussscienceandwriting.

title:	Verla Kay's Website 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verlakay.com%2F
desc:	Tipsandlinksforchildren'swriters.Authorstalks.KidLitchat.

title:	The Word Pool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wordpool.co.uk%2F
desc:	ThisUKchildren'sbooksiteprovidesbookreviews,ideas,reviewsandinformationonwritingforchildren.SteveandDianaKimpton.

title:	Write 4 Kids 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.write4kids.com%2F
desc:	Tips,messageboardsandmotivationaltechniquesforwritingchildren'sbooks.

title:	Write Children's Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwriteforkids.org%2F
desc:	Siteforaspiringandworkingchildren'sbookwriters.PresentedbyChildren'sBookInsider.

title:	Write Kids' Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwritekidsbooks.org%2F
desc:	Tools,tips,weeklynewsletterandfull-lengthbookstohelpwriterscreatekids'books.Emphasisonself-publishing,butnotexclusively.

title:	Yellapalooza.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FChildren%27s_Writing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yellapalooza.com%2F
desc:	Forpeoplewhowriteandillustratechildren'sbooks,andforanyonewholovespicturebooks.

title:	Association for Women in Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.womcom.org%2F
desc:	Professionalorganizationforwomenacrossallcommunicationsdisciplines.

title:	Fellowship of Authors and Artists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fellowshipofauthorsandartists.com%2F
desc:	Topromoteandencouragetheuseofwritingandallartformsasameansoftherapyandself-healing.

title:	Geneva Writers Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genevawritersgroup.org%2F
desc:	Aninternationalassociationofwriters.Meetingsareheldmonthly,fromSeptembertoJuneattheGenevaPressClub,withaprogramofwritingworkshops,critiquingsessions,andmasterclasses.

title:	International Black Writers' and Artists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fibwa.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Primarilyorientedtowardmembership,butincludeslinks,references,andnewsletter.

title:	The Latino Author 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelatinoauthor.com%2F
desc:	CreatingaresourceforLatinoauthors.

title:	The Military Writers Guild 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FOrganizations&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.militarywritersguild.org%2F
desc:	Internationalnetworkofservicemembers,veterans,analysts,andwritersdedicatedtoheighteningdiscourseinthefieldofarms.

title:	PEN International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pen-international.org%2F
desc:	Aworldwideassociation,withamembershipofprominentliterarywritersandeditors.Asamajorvoiceoftheliterarycommunity,theorganizationseekstodefendthefreedomofexpressionwhereveritmaybethreatened,andpromoteandencouragetherecognitionandreadingofcontemporaryliterature.Includeslinkstochaptersinternationally,charter,historyandblog.London,UnitedKingdom.

title:	Online Resources for Writers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fumaine.edu%2Fwcenter%2Fresources%2F
desc:	MaintainedbypeertutorsattheUniversityofMaineWritingCenter.

title:	Resource Help - Writing Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fresourcehelp.com%2Fqserwrit.htm
desc:	Linksandresourcesforwriting.Improveyourwritingskills,libraryskills,writingstyle,grammar.Fictionandnonfictionresources.

title:	Writer Beware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfwa.org%2Fbeware%2F
desc:	Warningsandcautionsforwritersaboutliteraryfrauds,scams,deceptions,andpitfalls.

title:	Writing Corner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwritingcorner.com%2F
desc:	Featuresarticlesabouttheart,craftandbusinessofwriting.

title:	Writing-World.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writing-world.com%2F
desc:	Writingarticlesandresources.Tipsabouthowtobecomeabetterwriter,getpublishedandfindwritingmarkets.FromMoiraAllen.

title:	Nowhere to Turn: State Abuses of Unaccompanied Migrant Children by Spain and Morocco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hrw.org%2Freports%2F2002%2Fspain-morocco%2F
desc:	ThisreportdocumentswidespreadabuseofMoroccanchildrenwhotravelalonetotheSpanishcitiesofCeutaandMelilla,locatedontheNorthAfricancoast.

title:	The Other Face of the Canary Islands 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhrw.org%2Freports%2F2002%2Fspain%2F
desc:	Rightsviolationsagainstmigrantsandasylumseekers.

title:	Politics of Spain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FPolitics_of_Spain
desc:	Wikipediaarticle.

title:	Desembarco de Villajoyosa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FAutonomous_Communities%2FValencian_Community%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.villajoyosa.com%2Fsites%2Fdesembarco%2F
desc:	ActrepresentativeoftheMoorsandChristiansofthelocality.Covers,postersandslides,galleryofimages,videosandrelatedlinks.

title:	Plataforma Normes d' el Puig 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FAutonomous_Communities%2FValencian_Community%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.normesdelpuig.org%2F
desc:	PNPisaPlataformconstitutedby60associationsofalltheValencianterritorytoprotecttheValencianlanguage.Includesareportaboutthecurrentsituationofthevalencian.

title:	Royal British Legion in Spain from Mojacar to Costa Brava 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FAutonomous_Communities%2FValencian_Community%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishlegion.org.uk%2Fcounties%2Fspain-north
desc:	ThewebsiteofSpainDistrictNorthoftheRoyalBritishLegion,coveringthecoastalandinlandareainSpainfromMojacarintheSouthtotheFrenchborderintheNorth

title:	Europa-Experte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FRegional%2FEuropa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europa-experte.de%2F
desc:	WissenswerteszurGeschichte,Politik,GeografieundWirtschaftEuropas.

title:	Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya - Wikipedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FAutonomous_Communities%2FCatalonia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FEsquerra_Republicana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FEsquerra_Republicana_de_Catalunya
desc:	EncyclopediaarticleaboutthisCatalanpoliticalparty.

title:	Joventuts d'Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya - Wikipedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FAutonomous_Communities%2FCatalonia%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FPolitics%2FEsquerra_Republicana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FYoung_Republican_Left_of_Catalonia
desc:	EncyclopediaarticleabouttheyouthwingoftheEsquerraRepublicanadeCatalunya.

title:	Hanken School of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FFinland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hanken.fi%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,programs,research,thefacultyandalumni.InSwedishandEnglish.

title:	Helsinki School of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FFinland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hse.fi%2F
desc:	Providesinformationondegreeprograms,currentevents,andalinktotheNationalResourceLibraryofEconomicsandBusinessinFinland

title:	University of Helsinki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FFinland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helsinki.fi%2Feconomics%2F
desc:	DepartmentofEconomicsprovidesseminarschedulewithdownloadablepapers,listoffaculty,andprogramdescription.

title:	America Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FRegional%2FAmerika&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americajournal.de%2F
desc:	Informationen,NewsundTrendsausdenUSA,KanadaundderKaribik.

title:	Cultural Policies in Europe: Finland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFinland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culturalpolicies.net%2Ffinland.htm
desc:	Accesstodata,facts,trendsandsummariesofcurrentdebatesonnationalculturalpolicydevelopmentsinthecountry.

title:	thisisFINLAND 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FFinland%2FSociety_and_Culture&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.finland.fi%2F
desc:	Amultimediaguidewithinformation,factsanddailynewsonFinland.

title:	Carlsbergfondet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDansk%2FVidenskab%2FInstitutioner%2FOrganisationer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carlsbergfondet.dk%2F
desc:	Tilfremmeafvidenskaberne.

title:	Het Nederlandse Rode Kruis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie%2FOrganisaties%2FRode_Kruis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekruis.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdehulpverlening,vrijwilligerworden,donereneninternationaleprojecten.HetNederlandseRodeKruisiswereldwijdactiefommensentehelpen,teverzorgenentebeschermen.

title:	Rode Kruis Vlaanderen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie%2FOrganisaties%2FRode_Kruis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekruis.be%2F
desc:	Wereldwijdactiefommensentehelpen,teverzorgenentebeschermen.Informatieovernationaleenwereldwijdeaktiviteiten,vrijwilligerofsponsorworden.

title:	afdeling Alkmaar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie%2FOrganisaties%2FRode_Kruis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekruisalkmaar.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdeafdelingenhaaractiviteiten.Metoverzichtvanvacaturesvoorvrijwilligers.

title:	afdeling Apeldoorn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie%2FOrganisaties%2FRode_Kruis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekruis-apeldoorn.nl%2F
desc:	InformatieoverdeafdelingenhetRodeKruisinhetalgemeen.

title:	afdeling Haaksbergen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie%2FOrganisaties%2FRode_Kruis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekruishaaksbergen.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdeafdelingenhaaractiviteiten.

title:	Afdeling Katwijk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie%2FOrganisaties%2FRode_Kruis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekruiskatwijk.nl%2F
desc:	InformatieoverdeafdelingenhetRodeKruisinhetalgemeen.

title:	afdeling Leiden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie%2FOrganisaties%2FRode_Kruis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekruisleiden.nl%2F
desc:	InformatieoverdeafdelingenhetRodeKruisinhetalgemeen.

title:	afdeling Lelystad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie%2FOrganisaties%2FRode_Kruis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekruislelystad.nl%2F
desc:	InformatieoverdeafdelingenhetRodeKruisinhetalgemeen.

title:	Australian Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org.au%2F
desc:	OfficialWebSiteoftheAustralianRedCrosswithlinkstoallstatewebsites

title:	Austrian Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roteskreuz.at%2F
desc:	(inGermanwithanEnglishsection).

title:	Belgian Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.be%2F
desc:	(pagesinDutch,FrenchandashortsummaryinEnglish).

title:	British Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org.uk%2F
desc:	InformationonthehistoryoftheRedCross,itsUKandinternationalactivities,thelatestondisasterappeals.Youcanmakeadonation,volunteeryourtime,andfindoutaboutfirstaidcourses.

title:	Canadian Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.ca%2F
desc:	(SiteisinEnglishandFrench).

title:	Danish Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekors.dk%2F
desc:	Denmark'slargestvoluntaryhumanitarianorganisation.

title:	Fondation CICR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fondationcicr.org%2F
desc:	TheFoundationfortheICRCseekstoraisefundsfromcorporations,individualsandotherfoundationsforlong-termsupportoftheprogram.Missionstatement,contactinformation.

title:	International Committee of the Red Cross - ICRC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.icrc.org%2F
desc:	Organizationwhosehumanitarianmissionistoprotectthelivesanddignityofvictimsofwarandinternalviolenceandtoprovidethemwithassistance.(InEnglish,FrenchandSpanish).

title:	International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ifrc.org%2F
desc:	Worldwidehumanitarianorganizationprovidingassistancewithoutdiscriminationastonationality,race,religiousbeliefs,classorpoliticalopinions.

title:	International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.int%2F
desc:	IncorporatestheGeneva-basedInternationalCommitteeoftheRedCross(ICRC)andtheInternationalFederationofRedCrossandRedCrescentSocieties(theInternationalFederation),aswellasNationalSocietiesin175countries.

title:	International Tracing Service Arolsen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.its-arolsen.org%2F
desc:	AdepositoryofinformationinArolsen,Germany,underRedCrossauspicestracingnon-GermanNazivictimsanddisplacedpersons.Withinformationontheservice'shistory,onhowtofileaninquiryandoneffortstomakethosedocumentsnotpertainingtospecificpersonsavailableforhistoricalresearch.

title:	The Irish Red Cross Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.ie%2F
desc:	TheIrishmemberofoneoftheleadinghumanitariangroupsintheworld,assistinginareasasdiverseasfirstaidtrainingandcover,emergencyreliefforthedevelopingworld,babysittertraining,respitecareandmountainrescue.Thesiteoffersarangeofinformation,includingdonationmaterialandanonlinedonationfacility.

title:	Irish Red Cross Society - Limerick Area 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.limerickredcross.org%2F
desc:	LimerickRedCrossisabranchoftheInternationalRedCrossSociety.

title:	Japanese Red Cross Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jrc.or.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Describesnationalandinternationaleducation,safety,medical,welfare,anddisasterreliefservices;informationabouthistory,finances,programs,andadministration.SiteinJapanesewithanEnglishsection.

title:	Kenya Red Cross Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kenyaredcross.org%2F
desc:	Describesthefunctionsandactivitiesoftheprogram.Factsheet,careerinformation,detailsofservicesprovided.

title:	New Zealand Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org.nz%2F
desc:	RedCrossforNewZealand-hasregionalcontactinformation,facilityforbookingafirstaidcourseandanonlinedonationssection.

title:	Norwegian Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rodekors.no%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheNorwegianRedCross.InNorwegianwithEnglishsection.

title:	Standing Commission of the Red Cross and Red Crescent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.standcom.ch%2F
desc:	Describesthebodythatprovidesstrategicguidanceintheinterestofallcomponentsofthemovement.Detailsofitscompositionandfunctions,newsletter,documentarydatabase.

title:	Thai Red Cross Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.or.th%2F
desc:	Abouttheorganization,itsservices,andpressreleases.

title:	All for Webmasters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webpagedesign.com.au%2F
desc:	Webmasterresourcesincludingoriginalgraphicsfreebackgrounds,templates,interfacesandwebpagesets.Alsoofferingbannerdesign.

title:	Animation Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.animationlibrary.com%2F
desc:	Freeanimationsforuseonpersonalwebsites,searchfunctionavailable,plusreviews.

title:	Art Is Power 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artispower.com%2F
desc:	Webgraphicsandcalendarwallpaper.

title:	Bassys Wonderland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fcrazy%2Fbassys%2Findex.html
desc:	Cartoondolls,bodybases,Neopetshintsandtips,AOLicons,blinkies,andtutorials.

title:	Brenda's Creations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bscreations.bravepages.com%2F
desc:	Offeringsignaturetags,andtagtutorials,emlstationery,blinkiesandothergraphicrelatedcreations.

title:	BurningWell.Org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burningwell.org%2F
desc:	Publicdomainimagesandphotos.

title:	Canada eh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww3.sympatico.ca%2Ftaniah%2FCanada%2Fgraphics%2F
desc:	TributetoCanada.IncludesmanyfreeCanadianwebgraphics,alwaysnewones.Freeandcustomoriginals.

title:	Carrielynne's World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carrielynnesworld.com%2F
desc:	Freeanimations,backgrounds,graphics,musiccodes,dolls,dollmaker,quizzes,blinkies,carebears,popples,andpuffs.

title:	Copyright-Free Photo Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgimp-savvy.com%2FPHOTO-ARCHIVE%2F
desc:	Community-indexed(tagged)collectionoffree,publicdomainimagesandphotos.

title:	Crazy Girl's Graphic Creations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcrazygirl.8m.com%2F
desc:	Backgrounds,bullets,andbuttonsforpersonalweb-sites,aswellasthosebelongingtonon-profitorganizations.Greetingcards,ICQSkins,anddesktopthemesalso.

title:	Dana's Dedication 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthgood1.bravepages.com%2F
desc:	Webgraphics,backgrounds,clipart,animations,fractalartandVictoriangraphics.

title:	Draac's Free Gifs 123 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgifs123.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Animatedimages,backgrounds,soundsandbeginnerhtmllessons.

title:	FlamingText.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flamingtext.com%2F
desc:	Createandfindallkindsofqualitygraphicsforwebpagesandotherusesheadings,buttons,arrowsandotherpageelements,justlikethepros.

title:	Free Graphics Goodies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgraphicssoft.about.com%2Flibrary%2Ffree%2Fbl_free.htm
desc:	Clipartinpngformat,webbackgrounds,seamlesstiles,photoedgemasks,transparentobjects,picturestubes,imagesprays,brushes,shapes,andlayerstyles.

title:	Free Graphics Resources for Webmasters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.byfreeweb.com%2Ffreewebdesign%2Findex.htm
desc:	Buttons,animatedGIFs,clipart,backgroundsforwebpage,icons,ttfcollection,fonts,plugins,screensavers,borders,desktopthemes,software,shareware,guestbook,email,countersforwebpage.

title:	Glist's Graphix and Anime Delicious 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fny4%2Fnemskawaiidesigns%2F
desc:	Webgraphics,backgrounds,textures,animation,Animewallpapersandicons.

title:	GrafiXs Unlimited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.members.tripod.com%2Fgrafixs1%2F
desc:	Windowsiconsinicoformat,3dandanimaldesktopwallpapers,andbackgroundsforuseonwebpages.

title:	The Graphics Ring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.graphicsring.com%2F
desc:	Collectedworksofmanygraphicsorientedsitesonthenet.Holidaygraphicssection,anewsletter,onlinepostcards,contests,tipsandtricks,fontsandotherinformation.Findeverythingneededtocreatestunningwebpagesandgraphics.

title:	The Groan Zone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.groan-zone.net%2F
desc:	Tiles,borders,buttonsandsets,Java,Javascript,DelphifreewareprogramsaswellassomeBladePropresetsandfilters.

title:	HoneyRun Road 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fca7%2Fmyfun%2Fopen.html
desc:	Webgraphics,backgroundsandclipartonavarietyofsubjectsincludingtheHolidays.

title:	Image Heaven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7EGriffco%2F
desc:	Lotsofcarefullyhandpickedimagesforallsortsofprojects.

title:	Immortal-Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fin4%2Fimmortal-art%2Fgraphics.htm
desc:	Desktopthemes,backgrounds,wallpapers,icons,andwebsets.CelebritiesincludeBeeGees,54secondsandclassicmovielegendslikeGeneKelly.

title:	J's Magic Galleries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjsmagic.net%2F
desc:	Jeweledbackgroundtoppersandthemedsetsthatchangeoften.Seasonalgraphics,desktopwallpaperandanimationsofferedyearround.Family-safeentertainment.

title:	Jessica's Tigger World of Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Ftx5%2Fjessie%2Findex.html
desc:	TributetoclassicPoohandTiggertoo.Graphicsforuseonpersonalhomepages.

title:	Lacey Designs Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Elaceydesigns%2Findex.html
desc:	Graphics,backgroundsetsforallMajorHolidaysandvariousVictorianpages,andwebrings.

title:	Lelia's Loft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fleliasloft.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Featureswebgraphics,PSPtubes,link-warethemedsetsandexclusivesets.

title:	LivePencil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.livepencil.com%2F
desc:	Amusingpagesoficons,wallpapersandanimationseverythingisoriginalandfree.Usethemonweb-sites,ortocheerupemails.

title:	Midwinter's Dream Designs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmdream.www7.50megs.com%2Fmidwinter.html
desc:	Themedsetsforpersonalhomepages,PSPtubesandtutorials,AngelWhisperadoptions,ExpressionsFriendshipPlaquesgifts,snowglobebasesfordownload.

title:	My Cute Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mycs.8m.com%2F
desc:	Graphicimages,desktopwallpaper,andonlinegamesforchildren.

title:	ProDraw Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prodraw.net%2F
desc:	Thousandsofgraphicsincludeaward-winningcartoonclips,3Dgallery,webbuttons,freeforalllinkspage,animationGIFsandtoolsneededtocreatecoolgraphics.

title:	Ricks Seeing the Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theanimationcenter.com%2F
desc:	Animations,graphics,customart,freewebpageanimations,alsocustombackgroundsandgraphics.

title:	Sig Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sigcentral.8m.com%2F
desc:	Customsignatures,graphics,andbackgroundsatnochargeatall.Visittheforum.

title:	Silvercloud's New World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsilvercloud30.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Offersfreelinkwarewebsets,freegraphics,tags,PSPtutoriallinks,poetry,andlyrics.

title:	Spider Paws 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fimages.spiderpaws.com%2F
desc:	Clipart,animation,webgraphicsincludingbars,linesandbackgrounds.

title:	Strawberry's Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpost.queensu.ca%2F%7Ejune%2Fgraphics.html
desc:	Clipart,backgroundsandbackgroundsets,organizedbytheme:flowers,dogs,cats,andhorses.

title:	Sunny Corner Graphics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgraphics.sunnycorner.com%2F
desc:	Mouse-drawncountrygraphicsforuseonnon-commercialwebpages.Utilitytocreateatriplebackgroundpages.

title:	The Victorian Villager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.victorianvillager.bizland.com%2F
desc:	LargecollectionofVictorianSantaandAngelimages.Greatresourcesforwebpagedesigners.

title:	WebPalz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FGraphics%2FWeb%2FFree&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmb2%2Fwebpalz%2F
desc:	Offersimagesofdogs,cats,andgeese,withachoiceofclothing.

title:	MeQRiMa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FScienza%2FScienze_Sociali%2FLinguaggi_e_Linguistica%2FOrganizzazioni&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meqrima.it%2F
desc:	Presental'AssociazioneCulturaleInternazionaleperl'analisideltestofilosofico,letterarioefigurativo.Contienecenniaimetodiutilizzati.

title:	Geven in Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FFilantropie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geveninnederland.nl%2F
desc:	Onderzoeknaarhetgevenvangeldentijddoorindividuen,huishoudens,fondsenenbedrijvenaanmaatschappelijkeengoededoelen.

title:	American Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2F
desc:	Helpskeeppeoplesafeeveryday,aswellasinanemergencythankstocaring,supportivepeopleinthecommunity.PagesfortheArmedForcesEmergencyServices.

title:	Transnational Foundation for Peace and Future Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSweden%2FSociety_and_Culture%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transnational.org%2F
desc:	Peacetrainingnetworkofferinglecturesandtraininginareasfromadvancedtheoriestopracticalskills.Forums,articles,news,andlinks.

title:	American Red Cross - Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Ftx%2Fdallas-fort-worth
desc:	History,news,volunteerandclassinformation,supportersanddetailsontheNorthTexasDigitalOperationsCenter.

title:	American Red Cross - Palmetto SC Region 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Flocal%2Fsc
desc:	Learnaboutdisasterservices,blooddrives,healthandsafetyclasses,andvolunteeropportunities;servestheSouthCarolinacountiesofBeaufort,Berkeley,Charleston,Colleton,Dorchester,HamptonandJasper.

title:	American Red Cross - West Virginia Region 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Flocal%2Fwv%2Fcharleston
desc:	ServesKanawha,Cabell,Raleigh,Mercer,Putnam,Clay,Boone,Braxton,Wyoming,Summers,Webster,Lincoln,Wayne,McDowellandMasoncountiesinWestVirginia;LawrenceCounty,Ohio,andBluefield,Virginia.Includesservices,newsandvolunteeropportunities.

title:	American Red Cross Greater Houston Area Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Ftx%2Fhouston
desc:	Includesevents,programs,locations,andservices.

title:	American Red Cross Howard-Tipton Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhoward-tipton.redcross.org%2F
desc:	OverviewofchapterservicesandvolunteeropportunitiesinKokomo,Indiana,andthesurroundingcountiesofHowardandTipton.

title:	American Red Cross in Greater New York 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyredcross.org%2F
desc:	Disasternews,healthandsafetyeducation,CPRtraining,lifeguardcertification,volunteeropportunities.

title:	American Red Cross Mid-Atlantic Regional Blood Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcrossblood.org%2Fmidatlantic
desc:	Learnmoreaboutdonatingblood,blooddrivesandvolunteeropportunities.TheAmericanRedCrossMid-AtlanticBloodServicesservesthepeopleofCentralVirginia,HamptonRoadsandEasternNorthCarolina.

title:	American Red Cross Northern Nevada Service Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nevada.redcross.org%2F
desc:	Providesdisasterrelief,healthandsafety,armedforcesemergencyservices,andyouthactivitiestoElko,Eureka,andWhitePineCountiesinNevada.

title:	American Red Cross of Southeastern Virginia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seva-redcross.org%2F
desc:	Describesemergency,healthandsafety,militaryfamilysupport,andtrainingprogramsinChesapeake,Norfolk,Portsmouth,andVirginiaBeach,Virginia,andprovidesalertsoncurrenttopics.FormedbyamergeroftheTidewaterandPortsmouth-WestChesapeakeChapters.

title:	American Red Cross Southwest Washington Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fswwashington.redcross.org%2F
desc:	ClarkCounty,WashingtonchapteroftheAmericanRedCross.

title:	American Red Cross,  Twin Cities Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcrosstc.org%2F
desc:	Describesservicesofferedlocalresidents.Includesnews,classschedule,servicesandjob,internshipandvolunteerlistings.

title:	American Red Cross, Berks County Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fberks.redcross.org%2F
desc:	TheBerksCountyChapterislocatedinReading,Pennsylvania.

title:	American Red Cross, Coastal Carolina Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccc-arc.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesservicestothepeopleofCraven,Carteret,Jones,andPamlicocounties.Bloodandtissuedonation,disasterrelief,youthprogramsandnews.

title:	American Red Cross, Heart of Tennessee Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.midtnredcross.org%2F
desc:	TheHeartofTennesseeChapterisa
providerofCPR,FirstAid,AEDtraininganddisasterrelief.TheRedCrossprovidestraininganddisasterrelieftotheresidentsofRutherford,BedfordandCannoncounties.

title:	American Red Cross: Northern California Coastal Region 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Flocal%2Fcalifornia%2Fnorthern-california-coastal
desc:	SanFranciscoBayareaRedCrossprovideslifesavingCPR,FirstAid,AEDandothercertificationclasses,disasterresponseandemergencysupplies.

title:	Central Florida American Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcentralflorida.redcross.org%2F
desc:	OfficesinOrlando,Kissimmee,andLongwood,providingemergencyservicesandhealthandsafetyeducation.

title:	Central Minnesota Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cenmnredcross.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinSt.Cloud,Minnesotaisahumanitarianorganization,providesrelieftovictimsofdisastersandhelppeopleprevent,preparefor,andrespondtoemergencies.

title:	Chicago & Northern Illinois Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Flocal%2Fillinois%2Fchicago-northern-illinois
desc:	ServingNortheasternIllinois,thischapterprovidesdisasterpreparednessandrelief,safetyandhealtheducationandinternationaltracingandservicestomilitarypersonnelandtheirfamilies.

title:	Connecticut American Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctredcross.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationanddirectionsforallConnecticutchapters.

title:	Greenwich Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Fct%2Fgreenwich
desc:	Connecticutchaptersiteprovidinggeneralinformation,blooddrivescheduleandupcomingeventsschedule.

title:	Northeast Ohio Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Flocal%2Fnortheast-ohio
desc:	Withitscorpsofvolunteers,thischapterstrivestoimprovethequalityoflifeintheCleveland,OHareathroughitsprogramsandservices.

title:	Pikes Peak Chapter of The American Red Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pparc.org%2F
desc:	RedCrosschapterlocatedinColoradoSpringsservingthePikesPeakandsurroundingareas.

title:	San Antonio Area Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilanthropy%2FOrganizations%2FRed_Cross_and_Red_Crescent%2FAmerican_Red_Cross%2FChapters&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcross.org%2Flocal%2Ftexas%2Fcentral-and-south-texas%2Flocations%2Fsan-antonio
desc:	Providesrelieftovictimsofdisastersandhelpspeopleprevent,preparefor,andrespondtoemergenciesintheSanAntonio,Txarea.

