title:	Kumpulan Info 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRumah_Tangga&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkumpulan.info%2F
desc:	Menyediakanberagaminformasidantipsrumah-tangga,kesehatan,keuangan,dankecantikanuntukkaumperempuan.

title:	Pavatile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FAfrikaans%2FTuis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pavatile.co.za%2F
desc:	Allesennogwatoorplaveisel.Metprodukdatabasisengereeldenuusartikels.

title:	Iklan Percuma Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FBahasa_Melayu%2FMembeli-belah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iklanlah.com%2F
desc:	Panduanmembelikenderaan,hartanah,pakaiandanpelbagaikeperluan.

title:	Pembekal Kanopi Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FBahasa_Melayu%2FMembeli-belah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsaidinaxlcanopy.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Membekalkankanopiberkualitidanmurah

title:	Produk wanita 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FBahasa_Melayu%2FMembeli-belah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.produkwanita.com%2F
desc:	Menjualproduk-produkwanita,menerimapembayaransecaraonlinemelaluiPaypaldanMaybank2u.

title:	Pusat Beli-Belah Online Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FBahasa_Melayu%2FMembeli-belah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lelong.com.my%2FDefault-m.asp
desc:	Lamanwebjualbelibidaatas-taliandiMalaysia.

title:	Eniro privatpersoner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FReferenser%2FKataloger&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprivatpersoner.eniro.se%2F
desc:	TelefonnummertillenskildaiSverige.

title:	Blog Webkatalog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FInternet%2FWWW%2FWeblogs%2FVerzeichnisse_und_Portale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blog-webkatalog.de%2F
desc:	MitTop-Blog-Liste,Kommentar-undBewertungsfunktion.

title:	DRoSI: Der Deutsche Rollenspiel Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FSpiele%2FRollenspiele%2FVerzeichnisse_und_Portale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drosi.de%2F
desc:	UmfangreicheSammlunganInformationenzumThemaRollenspiel(Pen&Paper).

title:	Fonecta.fi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FSuomi%2FElinkeinoel%C3%A4m%C3%A4%2FHakemistot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fonecta.fi%2F
desc:	Tuote-japalveluhaku,karttahakujaravintolaopas.

title:	Hintaseuranta.fi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FSuomi%2FVerkkokaupat%2FHakemistot&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhintaseuranta.fi%2F
desc:	Tietokonetarvikkeitamyyvienkauppojenhintavertailu.

title:	Feed4U 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FDatenformate%2FMarkup_Languages%2FXML%2FRSS%2FVerzeichnisse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.feed4u.de%2F
desc:	RedaktionellgepflegtenRSS-FeedVerzeichnis.

title:	FeedArea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FDatenformate%2FMarkup_Languages%2FXML%2FRSS%2FVerzeichnisse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.feedarea.de%2F
desc:	PersonalisierteRSS,AtomsowieRDFNewsContentFeeds.

title:	Alleskostenlos.ch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FInternet%2FWWW%2FKostenlos%2FVerzeichnisse_und_Portale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alleskostenlos.ch%2F
desc:	EinWebkatalogzukostenlosenAngebotenimInternetmitTippszuProduktproben,HandyDienstenundFreeware.

title:	DeuNeMa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FComputer%2FInternet%2FE-Mail%2FMailinglisten%2FVerzeichnisse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deunema.de%2F
desc:	DeutschesNewsletter-undMailinglistenverzeichnis.

title:	ElterlicheSorge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FGesellschaft%2FFamilie%2FVerzeichnisse_und_Portale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elterlichesorge.de%2F
desc:	EineZusammenstellungaktuellerMeldungen,DokumenteundVeranstaltungenzuallenfamilienrelevantenThemen.

title:	Esoterikverzeichnis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FGesellschaft%2FReligion_und_Spiritualit%C3%A4t%2FEsoterik%2FVerzeichnisse_und_Portale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esoterikverzeichnis.de%2F
desc:	SeitenausdemesoterischenBereichwerdeninprivateunddienstleistendeAnbieterunterteilt.

title:	Exeter University - Verzeichnis deutschsprachiger Medien 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FMedien%2FVerzeichnisse_und_Portale&url=http%3A%2F%2Futils.exeter.ac.uk%2Fgerman%2Fmedia%2F
desc:	NachThemengeordnetesVerzeichnisderInternet-AdressenvonMedien(RundfunkundPrint)imdeutschsprachigenRaum.

title:	Humor Shqip 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FShqip%2FArg%C3%ABtim%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humorshqip.net%2F
desc:	Teknedotegjenihumorshqip,fotodhevideohumoristike.

title:	Nastradini 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FShqip%2FArg%C3%ABtim%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nastradini.com%2F
desc:	Ketugjenihumorshqiptardhedisagjeratjera.

title:	101humor.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FFerie_og_fritid%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.101humor.com%2F
desc:	Snutter,bilderogvitser.

title:	Antwoordapparaat-teksten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antwoordapparaten.com%2F
desc:	Tekstenvoorjeantwoordapparaat.

title:	Broodje Aap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.broodjeaap.nl%2F
desc:	Leukeverhalendiewaarofnietwaarzijn.Metdaarnaastanekdotes,grappigefoto'sene-cards.

title:	Callcenterhumor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.callcenter-humor.nl%2F
desc:	Humoristischegebeurtenissenuiteencallcenter

title:	Cijfers liegen niet! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cijfers.net%2F
desc:	Statistiekenoveronzinnigedingenuitdehelewereld.

title:	DeLulluh.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delulluh.nl%2F
desc:	Onzin/humorsitemetvideo's,games,funpics,moppenenhumornieuws.

title:	Funphoto.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funphoto.nl%2F
desc:	Archiefvanrarefoto's,echteengemanipuleerde,metdemogelijkheidomzelffoto'sintezenden.

title:	Funsticker.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plassticker.nl%2F
desc:	Stickersvoorindetoiletpot.

title:	Gedachtekronkels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tele2.nl%2FMultispeed%2F
desc:	Lijstjesvanhettype"Jeweetdat...als..."

title:	Haha hkoekoek! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkoekoek.nl%2F
desc:	Genietenvanhumordoorallerleiafbeeldingentebekijken,zonderdeirritatievanpop-upreclamesenzonder18+advertentiesofafbeeldingen.

title:	Luek.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luek.nl%2F
desc:	Moppen,plaatjes,grappigetekstenenspelletjes.

title:	Omroephumor in de trein 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omroephumor.nl%2F
desc:	Leukeuitsprakenvanconducteursindetrein.

title:	Onzin.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onzin.nu%2F
desc:	HetOverkoepelendNuttigheidenZingevingsInstituutNederland(ONZIN).

title:	Pinguin Pablo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinguinpablo.nl%2F
desc:	Dagelijkseportiehumormetgrappigeplaatjesenfilmpjes.

title:	Rouke van der Hoek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Froukevanderhoek.nl%2F
desc:	Gedichtenvandezeauteur.

title:	Sneeuwpop Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.quicknet.nl%2Fjj.devries%2Fsneeuwpop%2F
desc:	Alleswatjewildeweten,enalleswatjenietwildewetenoversneeuwpoppen.

title:	Zelan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zelan.be%2F
desc:	Humoristischefilmpjes,plaatjesenlinks.

title:	Ariafritta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FUmorismo_e_Satira&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ariafritta.it%2F
desc:	Proponescritte,citazioniecartolinedicarattereumoristicosuddivisepersezioniegeneri.

title:	Abekat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDansk%2FFritid%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abekat.net%2F
desc:	Samlingafspas.

title:	Allstuff.dk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDansk%2FFritid%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allstuff.dk%2F
desc:	Ugenssjovevideoklip,dagensbillede,videoarkiv,vittigheder,telefonfis,billedsamling,webcams.

title:	Celebrity Goo Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWeird_Graphics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgarzar0.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Morphandmanipulatepicturesofcelebrities.

title:	The Great NoHoHon Adventure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWeird_Graphics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quantumfire.net%2Fnohohon%2F
desc:	TheadventuresofalittlegreenHidamarinoTami(alsoknownasSunnyPeopleorNohohon)andhisfriends.

title:	Have a Goo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWeird_Graphics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyweb.tiscali.co.uk%2Flithopa%2F
desc:	Featuringinteractivemanipulationofvariousimagesbytheviewer.

title:	He Looks Like 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWeird_Graphics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhelookslike.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Themorbidgameofpsychoanalyzingstrangersinpictures.

title:	Hetemeel.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWeird_Graphics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hetemeel.com%2F
desc:	Visitorscancustomizedifferentimages,addingtextandvisualstothemtocreatehumorouspictures.

title:	Is this True Art or a Fake? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWeird_Graphics&url=http%3A%2F%2Freverent.org%2Ftrue_art_or_fake_art.html
desc:	Abriefvisualquiztotrytodetermineifapictureisamasterpieceofmodernart,ornot.

title:	The Rabbit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWeird_Graphics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rabbit-comics.org%2F
desc:	Abizarre,surrealcomicstripstarringeverydayobjects.

title:	Bertanya atau Mati 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRekreasi%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbertanyaataumati.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Mengenaibukuhumordenganjudulsama.Berisiinformasidanopinidaripembacanya.

title:	Celaka 12! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRekreasi%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.celaka12.com%2F
desc:	Tempatcurahanhatidanpengalamanlucu,serudantidakterlupakan.Berisitulisan-tulisansingkatdaripenyumbangceritadandisusundalamberbagaikategori.

title:	Glu-Humor-Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRekreasi%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fglu-humor-joke%2F
desc:	Milisceritalucudanhumor.

title:	Humor Weblog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRekreasi%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrojanbuster.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Berisiberbagaihumordewasa,sufi,politik,danumum.

title:	Ketawa.Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRekreasi%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fketawa.com%2F
desc:	BerisikumpulanhumorIndonesia,foto,gambarceritadanteka-tekilucu.

title:	KetawaKetiwi.Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRekreasi%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ketawaketiwi.com%2F
desc:	Berisiguyonanlucudanhumor.Terdapatartikeldalamberbagaikategori,layananWAPdanSMS,komik,teka-tekidankartun.

title:	Best Man Speech Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thebestmanspeech.com%2F
desc:	Examplesofbestmanspeechesandlinestouse.

title:	Fabu Fredricka's Guide to Being the Best Divabride Ever 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Felnom.com%2Ffabu%2Findex.html
desc:	Adviceonhowtobeadivabride.

title:	UglyDress.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuglydress.com%2F
desc:	WeddingandbridesmaiddressesandshoesfromHell.

title:	Ask the Experts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.refdesk.com%2Fexpert.html
desc:	Alistingoflinkstoexpertsinvariousfields.

title:	Business Reference Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.referencepage.com%2Freferencepage.html
desc:	Linkstodirectoriesofbusinessinformation,phonenumbers,governmentresources,maps,FAQs,dictionaries,andfinancialcalculations.

title:	The Info Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.info-s.com%2F
desc:	Anenormousreferenceresourcefeaturinglinksincategorieslikeprogramming,computerhelp,genealogy,hobbies,businessandtravel.

title:	LibrarySpot.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.libraryspot.com%2F
desc:	Referencecollectionincludingdictionaries,encyclopedias,newspapers,maps,readinglists,andquotations.

title:	Martindale's Reference Desk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.martindalecenter.com%2F
desc:	Largecollectionoflinkstoreferenceresources,includinglanguagecenters,calculators,maps,andsciencetables.

title:	Melissa Data 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.melissadata.com%2Flookups%2F
desc:	ZIPCodes,areacodes,cities,states,addresses,informationaboutnon-profitorganizations,peoplewhohavecontributedtopoliticalcampaigns,anddemographics.

title:	Refdesk.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.refdesk.com%2F
desc:	Aone-stopsiteforallthingsInternetincludingnews,weather,sports,reference,encyclopedia(50areas),factsonfile,FAQs,tutorials,searchengines,Win95,freestuff,andgames.Includesover20,000links.

title:	ReferenceDesk.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.referencedesk.org%2F
desc:	Alargecategorizedcollectionofreferencelinkstoover600differentsites.

title:	Trussel's EclectiCity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trussel.com%2F
desc:	Linkscatalogedintheformofon-linepublishing:stories,articles,dictionaries,bibliographies,song-lists,word-lists,phone-lists,andtranslations.

title:	Virtual Learning Resources Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtuallrc.com%2F
desc:	Searchacollectionofresourcesrecommendedbylibrariansandeducators.Selectfromsubjectspecificdatabasesorgeneralwebsites,newssources,orelectronictextarchives.

title:	Zvon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zvon.org%2F
desc:	Guidesandtutorials.Focusesonprogramming,law,librariesandplanetEarth.

title:	9Gag 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2F9gag.com%2F
desc:	Usergeneratedfunnypicturesandvideoswithcommentingandratings.Contentcanbesortedaccordingtopopularity.

title:	AcidCow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Facidcow.com%2F
desc:	Pictures,videos,celebs,flashgames

title:	Aidan Moran 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aidanmoran.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionoforiginalphotographsoffunnyorstrangesituationsandscenes.

title:	Awkward Family Photos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fawkwardfamilyphotos.com%2F
desc:	Strange,humorousanddisturbingfamilyportraits.

title:	Bacon Cat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbaconcat.com%2F
desc:	Justacatandsomebacon.Oneofthemostfamous,funnyandsimplisticwebsitesevermade

title:	CaptionSearch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.captionsearch.com%2F
desc:	Databaseofimagemacros,demotivationalpostersandcaptionedimages,searchablebykeyword.

title:	Cute Overload 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmfrost.typepad.com%2Fcute_overload%2F
desc:	Collectedcuteandtweepictureswithahumorouscommentary.

title:	DayLoL.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.daylol.com%2F
desc:	Entertainingpictures,gifsandvideosfoundontheinternet,collectedonadailybasisandeasytofollowviasocialmedia.

title:	Despair 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdespair.com%2Fcollections%2Fdemotivators
desc:	Funnydemotivationalandmotivationalpictures

title:	Eat Liver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eatliver.com%2F
desc:	Collectedhumorous,unusualandbizarreimages.

title:	Eclectech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eclectech.co.uk%2F
desc:	Funnyandstrangeimages,Flashanimationsandgames.

title:	Eric Conveys an Emotion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emotioneric.com%2F
desc:	Seethewebmasterexpressingvariousemotions,rangingfromthemundanetothebizarre.

title:	Fail Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffailblog.cheezburger.com%2F
desc:	Captionedpicturesandvideoshighlightingfailandepicfailmoments.

title:	FatPita 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffatpita.net%2Ffunpics.php
desc:	Offersauniquecollectionofhumorousphotos.Includesgames,videosandlinks.

title:	Funny Wall Photos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnywallphotos.com%2F
desc:	Funnypictureswithsharingacommentfeatures.

title:	Help Feed The Troll 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helpfeedthetroll.com%2F
desc:	Funnypictures,animatedgifsandvideosaboutinternettrolling.

title:	Jarsky and Schutch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jarskyandschutch.com%2F
desc:	Strangeanimations,videos,andoriginalpictures.

title:	Meme Storage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmemestorage.com%2F
desc:	Memes,comics,funny,pictures.

title:	MoronFace.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moronface.com%2F
desc:	Aplacetouploadfacialphotographstoaneditingteamwhowillmakethemlookridiculous.

title:	NoWayGirl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnowaygirl.com%2F
desc:	Funnyphotosandfunnyvideosfromaroundtheweb.

title:	Passive Aggressive Notes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.passiveaggressivenotes.com%2F
desc:	Photographsofvaguelythreateningsigns,notesandmessages.

title:	PMSL web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pmslweb.com%2F
desc:	Providesdailyhumorundertheformofcollectionsoffunnypicturesandjokes,aswellasthematicposts.

title:	Quick Lol 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fquicklol.com%2F
desc:	Theplaceforaquicklaughatsomehilariouspictures.QuickLolhasfunnypictures,videos,animated.GIFimages.

title:	Random Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.randomblog.org%2F
desc:	Randomhumorfromallovertheinternet,comingtogetherallinoneplace.

title:	Ugly People 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2F1000uglypeople.com%2F
desc:	Aphotocollectionoftheugliestpeopleintheworld.

title:	Visual Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visualjokes.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofnewfunnypicturesandphotos.

title:	Young Me / Now Me 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FVisual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zefrank.com%2Fyoungmenowme%2F
desc:	Acollectionofpicturesofpeoplerecreatingphotographsfromtheirchildhood.

title:	Apocalx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FReferencia%2FBuscadores_y_directorios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaps.apocalx.info%2F
desc:	Metabuscadordemapas,recetasynoticias.

title:	Humor.ch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humor.ch%2F
desc:	DasLachenhateineAdresse.Humor-ForschungundLachlinks.

title:	Is-nich-wahr 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isnichwahr.de%2F
desc:	LustigeVideos,FunPics,OnlineSpieleundWitzewerdenvorgestellt.

title:	Annuaire coupe de cheveux et coiffure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FInternet%2FRecherche%2FR%C3%A9pertoires%2FSp%C3%A9cialis%C3%A9s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coupe-de-cheveux.info%2F
desc:	Proposeessentiellementdessitesavecdesphotosdecoupes.

title:	Antitoo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FInformatique%2FInternet%2FRecherche%2FR%C3%A9pertoires%2FSp%C3%A9cialis%C3%A9s&url=http%3A%2F%2Fantitoo.free.fr%2F
desc:	Annuairedessites"anti".Contientdesressourcesetpermetderechercherunepageweb.

title:	2P START! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.2pstart.com%2F
desc:	Agamingwebcomiccoveringgamesnewandold.

title:	Audio Atrocities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.audioatrocities.com%2F
desc:	Amuseumforthestudyofterriblevideogameacting.

title:	Cat Bounce! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cat-bounce.com%2F
desc:	Flyingcatsbouncingalloverthescreen.

title:	Ctrl+Alt+Del 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cad-comic.com%2F
desc:	Humorouscommentaryonvideogames,plusacomic.

title:	Dorkly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dorkly.com%2F
desc:	CollegeHumor'ssistersitecontainingoriginalandcollectedhumorousvideogamecontentfromtheinternet.

title:	The Drunken Moogle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedrunkenmoogle.com%2F
desc:	Createsdrinksinspiredbyvideogamereferences,drinkinggames,art,andanythingrelatingtobothvideogamesandalcohol.

title:	Dueling Analogs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.duelinganalogs.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionoforiginalwebcomics,videosandgamesaswellasotherhumorousandinterestinggamingcontentfromtheweb.

title:	HALOLZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.halolz.com%2F
desc:	Anonlinecollectionofhumorousvideogamecaptions.

title:	J.R. Antrim's Videogame Lookalikes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthor.mirtna.org%2Foddities%2Flookalikes%2F
desc:	Videogamecharactersandcelebritiesswitchedatbirth.

title:	Little Gamers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.little-gamers.com%2F
desc:	Onlinecomicstripaboutaboy,whoisintocomputergaming,andhisfriends.Polls,forums,andarchives.

title:	Massive Pwnage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.massivepwnage.com%2F
desc:	Onlinewebcomicaboutvideogamesandpeoplethatplaythem.

title:	Mega64 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mega64.com%2F
desc:	Producesshortfilmsthatrecreateclassicandcurrentvideogamesinreallife.

title:	Penny Arcade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.penny-arcade.com%2F
desc:	Videogaming-relatedonlinestripbyMikeKrahulikandJerryHolkins.Includesnewsandcommentary.

title:	Pure Pwnage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.purepwnage.com%2F
desc:	AnonlineTVseriesthatdocumentsthelifeofJeremy(teh_pwnerer),aprogamerandhisfriendsFPS_Doug(BoomHeadshot!)DaveandKyle.

title:	Rooster Teeth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roosterteeth.com%2F
desc:	Featuringasurrealgaming-relatedcomicstrip.

title:	VG Cats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vgcats.com%2F
desc:	Awebcomicaboutvideogames.Featuresthecast,anarchive,weblog,andaforum.

title:	Zany Video Game Quotes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FVideo_Games%2FHumor_and_Jokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zanyvideogamequotes.com%2F
desc:	Collectshumorousin-gamequotesfromvideogames,primarilypoortranslationsfromJapanese.

title:	All Too Flat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alltooflat.com%2F
desc:	Geekyhumor,backwardsGooglesearches,theBibleAccordingtoCheese,helpwithpetnamesandanadvicecolumnfromahalibut.

title:	306WD.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.306wd.com%2F
desc:	Procrastinationaids,badpickuplines,tacohumorandchipmunks.

title:	Altering Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alteringtime.com%2F
desc:	Ablendofgeekyandtechnicalhumor,reviewsofuselesssites,newscommentaryandmultimedia.

title:	Baney 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baney.co.uk%2F
desc:	Theadventuresofalittlegreenfrogwithabigpersonality.

title:	Become A Gnome.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.becomeagnome.com%2F
desc:	Visitorscanturnthemselvesintognomes,andbackagain.

title:	Blue Duck With Fangs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblueduckwithfangs.i8.com%2F
desc:	Asemi-vampiricwaterfowl.

title:	Brampton Bugle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brampton-bugle.co.uk%2F
desc:	Spoofnewspaperwebsite,coveringanumberofsurrealtopics,afakeadvicecolumnandbizarreadvertisements.

title:	The Brink of Insanity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fny3%2Fwasteofspace%2F
desc:	VarioustopicsincludingDuctTapeMan,Sockweb,ahorrorscopeandpoetry.Featuresachallengingnavigationsystem.

title:	Cate's Garage Sale Finds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.catesgarage.com%2F
desc:	Ashowcaseofbizarreanddisturbingitemsfoundatgaragesales.

title:	The Bird Goes 'Round 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FImage_Galleries%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monproductions.com%2Fbirdgoesround%2F
desc:	WorldwidetravelimagesoftheKeatsinspiredcardboardNightingale.VisitorscancontributetheirownNightingalephotos.

title:	Hummer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FImage_Galleries%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hummer-hummer.com%2F
desc:	StoriesandpicturesfromabearcalledHummerwhotravelsworldwidewithalltypesofHummerSUV's.

title:	Maid Appleton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FImage_Galleries%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maidappleton.com%2F
desc:	WorldwidetravelsfromMaidAppleton,ajuicebox.

title:	Monkey Adventure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FImage_Galleries%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monkeyadventure.co.uk%2F
desc:	ShareswithustheFrance,PolandandIraqadventuresofMonkey,anapewhoislivingintheUKandlikesquaileggomletwithsmokedsalmonandgoatscheese.

title:	About.com: Urban Legends and Folklore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Furbanlegends.about.com%2F
desc:	Articles,links,andanarchiveofurbanandinternetfolklore.

title:	BellaOnline: Urban Legends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Furbanlegends.bellaonline.com%2F
desc:	Updatesonthenewesturbanlegends,plusarticlesontheclassics.

title:	Calypso's Urban Legends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Faz2%2Furbanlegends%2F
desc:	Smallcollectionoffamousurbanlegends.

title:	The Cat in Urban Mythology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmessybeast.com%2Furbancat.htm
desc:	EssaybySarahHartwelldiscussingtheimagesofthecatinurbanlegends.

title:	Christian Urban Legends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.religioustolerance.org%2Fchr_cul.htm
desc:	Documentsknownurbanlegendsandpiousfrauds.

title:	Crazythoughts.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crazythoughts.com%2F
desc:	Alistofoxymoronsandhumorousquestionstoponder.

title:	Dave's Web Of Lies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davesweboflies.com%2F
desc:	Offeringanewlieeveryday,plusalistingofalltheliesoftheweekandasearchabledatabase.

title:	Doggieville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doggieville.co.uk%2F
desc:	Originalhumortoamuseyourinnerhamster.

title:	Dr Speedbump's Attention Deficit Compan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdrspeedbump.8m.com%2F
desc:	Amixofsatire,philosophy,abruptly-endingfictionandlobotomies.

title:	EggEgg! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Feggegg.comicgenesis.com%2F
desc:	Surrealcomicstripwithpoliticalleanings.

title:	FOUND magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foundmagazine.com%2F
desc:	Photographsoffoundobjects.ImagesandRealAudiosamples,andtheyacceptactualfoundobjectsbymail.

title:	Freaking Kids 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreakingkids.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Showsapersonalhateofmanythingsinthisworld,headliningthehateofchildrenandtheirbehavior.

title:	Schmedley and Headley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FImage_Galleries%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthedinoboys.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Aweblogwithtravelpicturesfromtwo6inchtallplasticdinosaurs.

title:	Snowman Travel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FImage_Galleries%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.snowmantravel.com%2F
desc:	Offersimagesandhumorousstoriesfromsnowman'sAsiaandEuropetravel,USAandMexicotravelexperiences.

title:	Tacky Tourist Photo Album 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FImage_Galleries%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weloveourlife.com%2Ftourist%2Falbum.html
desc:	Photographsfromvacationsposingwithandaroundtackytouristobjects.

title:	Toyvoyagers.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FImage_Galleries%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toyvoyagers.com%2F
desc:	Offerstoriesandpicturesfromtoyvoyagersontheirworldwidetravels.

title:	Common E-mail Hoaxes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3oddballz.com%2Fhoaxes%2F
desc:	Alistofsomeofthemorepopularinternethoaxes,urbanlegends,rumors,andjunk,circulatedthroughyouremail.

title:	Darwin Awards Urban Legends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.darwinawards.com%2Flegends%2F
desc:	Cautionarytalesofhumanevolutioninactionthataresimplytooastoundingtobetrue.

title:	Don't Spread That Hoax! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nonprofit.net%2Fhoax%2F
desc:	Debunkinghoaxesaswellasurbanlegendsthatspreadontheinternet.

title:	Dr. Jan Harold Brunvand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.janbrunvand.com%2F
desc:	Officialsiteofthefolkloristwhowroteseveralbooksonurbanlegendsbeginningwith"TheVanishingHitchhiker".Featurespersonalandprofessionalinformation,works,andaFAQ.

title:	Hoax Busters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoaxbusters.org%2F
desc:	Largealphabeticallistdebunkinginternethoaxes,scams,ande-mailchainletters.

title:	Hoax-Slayer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoax-slayer.com%2F
desc:	Informationaboutemailhoaxes;includesweeklynewsletter,archivesandlistofthelatestemailhoaxes.

title:	The Horse and the Maiden: An Urban Legend in Ancient Athens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rci.rutgers.edu%2F%7Eedmunds%2FHorseText.html
desc:	ArticlebyLowellEdmunds,RutgersUniversity.

title:	HowStuffWorks: How Urban Legends Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2Furban-legend.htm
desc:	Whattheyare,wheretheycomefrom,andwhytheyspreadsoquickly.

title:	Giant Lava Lamp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.giantlavalamp.com%2F
desc:	AsmalltowninWashingtonistryingtobuildalavalamp.Requestforhelp,andcomputersimulatedpicturesofwhatthelampmightlooklike.

title:	How To Keep An Idiot Busy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pagetutor.com%2Fidiot%2Fidiot.html
desc:	Timewastingexerciseusingacomputermouse.

title:	Hyperhero 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyperhero.com%2Fen%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthispowerfulsuperhero,hisheroicdeedsandhisinventions.

title:	It's a Trap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Finstanttrap.com%2F
desc:	Awarningpage.

title:	JanPieter.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.janpieter.com%2F
desc:	Disjointedconceptsandunsettlinghumor.

title:	Learn to Count to Ten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcountten.free.fr%2F
desc:	UsingbothArabicnumeralsandhumandigits.

title:	The Longest Domain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thepersonwithanewideaisacrank-untiltheideasucceeds-by-marktwain.com%2F
desc:	Demonstratinga67characterdomainname.

title:	Name Translations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nametranslation.co.uk%2Fnames%2Fmeaning%2F
desc:	Humorousdefinitionsofpeople'sfirstnames.

title:	Number Of The Moment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdex50.50megs.com%2Fnumber
desc:	VisitorscanfindtheirKarmicnumberandhaveitssignificanceexplained.

title:	Jan Harold Brunvand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnn.com%2FCOMMUNITY%2Ftranscripts%2Fjan.harold.brunvand.html
desc:	TranscriptofaninterviewwithfolkloristJanHaroldBrunvand,authorof"TooGoodtobeTrue-TheColossalBookofUrbanLegends."

title:	The Museum of Hoaxes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhoaxes.org%2F
desc:	Areferenceguidetohoaxes,pranks,practicaljokes,frauds,tricks,andotherformsofdeception.

title:	NetScrap.com: Urban Folklore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netscrap.com%2Fnetscrap.cfm%3Fcat_show%3DUrban%2BFolklore
desc:	Urbanlegendsandbeliefsgatheredfromacrossthenet.

title:	Snopes.com Urban Legends Reference Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsnopes.com%2F
desc:	Attemptstogiveaccurateinformationaboutrumorsandurbanlegendsonavarietyoftopics,includingwar,business,events,toxins,science,military,popularculture.

title:	theFolklorist.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thefolklorist.com%2F
desc:	DevotedtoAmericanfolkloreandurbanlegends.

title:	Tourist Of Death 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.touristofdeath.com%2F
desc:	AsitemaintainingthehistoryoftheWTCRooftopTouristpicturehoax,andallcopycatpicturesresultingfromtheoriginalpicture.

title:	The Urban Legend Combat Kit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnetsquirrel.com%2Fcombatkit%2F
desc:	Collectionofpreparedresponsestorefuteoftcitedinternetmythsandurbanlegends.

title:	Urban Legends & Superstitions Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Furbanlegendsonline.com%2F
desc:	ThemostpopularurbanlegendsandsuperstitionsincludinglocallegendsbasedinNewJersey.

title:	Urban Legends: An Electronic Art Exhibit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wdog.com%2Flegends%2F
desc:	Avirtualgalleryofmultimediaartisticrepresentationsofurbanlegends,bySarahWichlacz.

title:	Pick The Worst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.picktheworst.com%2F
desc:	Visitorscanchoosetheworstoptionoutofseveralbadscenarios.

title:	The Pointless Dot Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthepointless.com%2F
desc:	Providingreaderswithaslittlemeaningfulcontentaspossible.

title:	Pointless Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fca4%2Fnopoint%2F
desc:	Featuringbothpossibleandimpossiblemazes,andacollectionofdeadandblanklinks.

title:	Shotgun Rules 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shotgunrules.com%2F
desc:	Detailedguidanceonhowtocallshotgunbeforeridinginavehicle.

title:	The Stupid Pastimes on the Web Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Espows%2F
desc:	IncludesBuildYourOwnCow,theIncredibleBouncingE-mailandtheCleanestPageontheWeb.

title:	Surreel Toon Supply Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbeetletek.com%2Fsurreel%2F
desc:	Cartoonsupplycompanyprovidesonlinesearchableknowledgebaseandtroubleticketsystemforcustomers.Humoroustechnicalsupportissuesarepostedforyouramusement.

title:	VCR Clock Error 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vcrclock.com%2F
desc:	AcrossbetweenaservererrorandamisconfiguredVCR.

title:	Watching Paint Dry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.watching-paint-dry.com%2F
desc:	Areal-timewebcamviewofthisexcitingspectatoractivity,plusotherequallyinterestingsubjects.

title:	Zombo.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zombo.com%2F
desc:	Whereyou'llalwaysgetawarmwelcome.RequiresFlashandaudio.

title:	Urban Myths & Legends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delta-9.com%2Fnet47%2Fmyth%2F
desc:	Submittedstoriesandotherfantasticmessages.

title:	Weird USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FFolklore%2FLiterature%2FUrban_Legends&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fzine%2FWeirdUSA%2F
desc:	Gazetteofurbanlegendsandbeliefs,aswellasghostsightingsandhauntings.

title:	Bad Scrabble Hands 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FBoard_Games%2FWords_and_Trivia%2FScrabble%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fheybro.com%2Fbadscrabble%2F
desc:	Collectionofphotographsonunfairplayerracktiledraws.

title:	How to Have Fun with Scrabble 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FBoard_Games%2FWords_and_Trivia%2FScrabble%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.literaryescorts.com%2F%3Fact%3Dnon-fiction%26item%3D554
desc:	Apost-colonialandpostmodernanalysis,byJulianDarius.

title:	The OSPD Scrabble Challenge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FBoard_Games%2FWords_and_Trivia%2FScrabble%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fironphoenix.org%2Fscrabble%2F
desc:	Acooperativegameinwhichplayersvieforthebestplayeachturn.Featuresinteractivegameplay.

title:	Scrabble-Mad Britain Holds Giant Game 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FBoard_Games%2FWords_and_Trivia%2FScrabble%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnn.com%2FWORLD%2Feurope%2F9810%2F13%2Fgiant.scrabble%2F
desc:	CNNarticleabouttheworld'slargestScrabblegame.

title:	Bryce's RPG Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ferazelhosting.net%2F%257Ebryce%2Frpgfunny.html
desc:	Chatlogsofconversationsregardingthejoysandtribulationsofroleplayinggames.

title:	Call of Cthulhu Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoboes.com%2Fpub%2FRole-Playing%2FHorror%2FCall%2520of%2520Cthulhu%2FHumor%2F
desc:	Songsincluding"Calypso","Cecilia","SomethingHappeningHere","SeeSpotCringe",and"TheIdealCoCInvestigation".

title:	Canonical List of Famous Last Words 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wfrp.de%2Fhosted%2Fflw%2Fen%2Findex.html
desc:	Anarrayofphrasessplitintogroupsof250.

title:	The Gamers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdeadgentlemen.com%2Fprojects%2Fthe-gamers%2F
desc:	Presentsahumorouslowbudgetmoviedepictingroleplayingcollegestudentsandtheadventurestheirgamingalteregos.Siteincludesplot,castandcrew,media,screenings,astore,andforums.

title:	Guide To Banging Your Head Into A Wall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Finvasivesurgery.tripod.com%2Fsemicolon%2Fheadwall.html
desc:	Rulesforthed20systemdescribingdamagemechanics.

title:	I Won't Wear It! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolyticks.com%2Fglenn%2F
desc:	Collectionofhumorouscoversfrom"TheWildHunt",magazineoftheMITStrategicGamesSociety.

title:	Middle Oerth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Emiddle_oerth%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtostoriesandatopten.

title:	Role Playing Public Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fslangdesign.com%2Frppr%2Faudio-comedy-archive%2F
desc:	AlistofcomedicsketchesbytheRolePlayingPublicRadioPodcast.

title:	Roleplaying Laughs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archive.org%2Fdetails%2FRoleplayingLaughs
desc:	Jokescoveringseveralgames.

title:	RPG.net: Humor and Bananas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rpg.net%2Frealm%2Fhumor.html
desc:	Adirectoryoftable-topjokesandstories.

title:	Vague: Roleplay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=games&cat=Games%2FRoleplaying%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vaguenet.com%2F
desc:	Rules,characters,creatures,andstorieswithairreverentflavor.

title:	Boyracerguide.co.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSubcultures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boyracerguide.co.uk%2F
desc:	AlookatthepracticebyyoungBritishmalesofstupidlymodifyingcarsandgenerallydrivinglikelunatics.

title:	The Church of Johnson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSubcultures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchurchofjohnson.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Fringereligiousgroup.

title:	Dull Men's Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSubcultures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dullmensclub.com%2F
desc:	Aplacewheredullmencansharethoughtsandexperiencesfreefrompressurestobe"inandtrendy".

title:	Losers dot Org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSubcultures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.losers.org%2F
desc:	Categorizedbysocialgroupwith"loser"ratings.

title:	Mayflower Unlimited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSubcultures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mayflowerunlimited.com%2F
desc:	Humorandinformationtodowithmarijuana,itsusesandthelawsgoverningit.

title:	Talk Like A Pirate Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSubcultures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.talklikeapirate.com%2F
desc:	Backgroundinformationandactivitiesforthosethatfancythemselvesasseafaringcriminals.

title:	The Church of Now 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fego%2Fchurchofnow%2F
desc:	Parthumor,partholyghostrevival,"andsomehowpartcockerspaniel."Aimstopointoutthemiraculousintheordinaryusingparadoxandabsurdity.

title:	The Great God Contest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islandnet.com%2F%7Eluree%2Fcontest.html
desc:	Anattempttobringafinalresolutiontoallreligiouswars,controversyandhypocrisy.

title:	Incantation to Raise the Dead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fca4%2Fspooktacular%2Fspell.html
desc:	Helpsavehumanity,raisethedeadinyourownhome.

title:	Mephistopheles' Soul Exchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmo%2Fsouls%2F
desc:	TradeyoursoulforaSinAnalysis,getanofficialSoul-IOU,orgiveyoursoultoalovedone.

title:	New Religions for the College Student 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchristopher-dixon.tripod.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Awebpageforthecollegestudentlookingforareligionthattheycanrelateto.

title:	115Sports 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.115sports.com%2F115tw.htm
desc:	Ahumorousweeklyfeatureonanyoneofavarietyofsportsissues.

title:	The Quest For Zen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheshrubbery.com%2F0200%2Fzen.html
desc:	Navin,fromSriLanka,andJason,fromOhio,competetoseewhowillreachenlightenmentfirst.Navinlearnsyoga,Jasondrinksgingkobiloba.

title:	SatireWire: Religious Merger Creates 900 Million Hinjews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.satirewire.com%2Fnews%2Fmay02%2Fhinjews.shtml
desc:	"HinjewleaderstodayconcededthemergerofHinduismandJudaismhasnotworkedoutasplanned,asinsteadofformingasuper-religiontofightoffthecommonIslamicenemy,theyhadinsteadcreatedaraceof900millionpeoplewho,nomatterhowmanytimestheyarereincarnated,canneverpleasetheirmothers."

title:	Virtual Church of the Blind Chihuahua 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dogchurch.org%2F
desc:	AsacredplaceincyberspacetoworshipGodandtolaughatourselves.Funnyandseriousatthesametime.Inotherwords,seriouslyfunny!

title:	Around the Wicket 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.iprimus.com.au%2Fpakholt%2Fcartoons%2Fcricket.html
desc:	CaricaturesandcartoonsaboutcricketbyPhilHolt.

title:	BaseballHumor.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baseballhumor.com%2F
desc:	Jokes,quotes,storiesandonelinersaboutthesport,itsplayersandteams.

title:	The Becker Sports Report 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collegesportsscholarships.com%2Ffunny-sports-stories.htm
desc:	Satiricalsportsjournalism,coveringawiderangeofsportssubjectsandpersonalities.

title:	Beer Pong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fangelfire.com%2Fretro%2Fbeerpong
desc:	Therulesandhistoryofthislittle-knownsport.

title:	Buck-Monkey Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buckmonkey.com%2F
desc:	Humorousdeerhuntinganddeercampstories.

title:	eXtreme Disk Ripping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jumpstation.co.uk%2Fx-disk%2Fx-disk.html
desc:	Informationonthisnewextremesport.Includessafetyguideandlinks.

title:	Fishing Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fishingjokes.net%2F
desc:	Jokesandotherhumorrelatingtothepastimeoffishing.

title:	Funny Bicycle World Records 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bicycle-world-records.com%2F
desc:	Informationonthecycling-backwards-playing-a-violinworldrecord.InEnglishandGerman.

title:	Grudge Match: Super Bowl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grudge-match.com%2FHistory%2Fbills-vikings.shtml
desc:	TheBuffaloBillsandtheMinnesotaVikingsfinallygetarealisticshotatwinningaSuperBowl,byplayingeachother.

title:	The Heckle Depot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heckledepot.com%2F
desc:	Baseballheckleinstructions,jokes,andhumorfromMLBgames.

title:	Hirer Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.efn.org%2F%7Ehkrieger%2Fsport.htm
desc:	Satiricalphotoessayoncollegesports.

title:	Mangold Hurling Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mangoldhurling.co.uk%2F
desc:	TraditionalEnglishsportfromthecountyofSomerset.Includeshistoryandrules.

title:	Rowing Geek Test 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.ox.ac.uk%2F%7Equarrell%2Fgeek.html
desc:	Takethissillytesttoseeifyou'rearowinggeek.

title:	The Sports Cliche List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sportscliche.com%2F
desc:	Largecollectionoftired,oldsportscliches,lingo,andjargon.

title:	The Sports Curmudgeon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sportscurmudgeon.com%2F
desc:	Ahumorousandslightlyslantedlookattheworldofsportsfromoneofitsmostliterate,ifnotalittlegrouchy,members.

title:	Ask Dr. Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drscience.com%2F
desc:	America'sforemostauthoritarianontheworldaroundus.Oratleasttheworldaroundhim.

title:	Best of RHF: Computer, Science and Math Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netfunny.com%2Frhf%2Fjokes%2Fcomputer.html
desc:	Aselectionfromtherec.humor.funnynewsgroup.

title:	Blunders and Mistakes of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lhup.edu%2F%7Edsimanek%2Fwhoops.htm
desc:	Acompilationofmistakeswhicharetheresultofmisapplicationorignoranceofscienceandengineeringprinciples.

title:	Causal or Casual? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dyer-consequences.com%2Fstrep.html
desc:	TherelationshipbetweenstrepthroatandItalianrestaurantfood.

title:	Flaxon Alternative Interface Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sonic.net%2F%7Edfx%2Ffait%2F
desc:	HomeandundergroundresearchanddevelopmentfacilityoftheEvilDoctorFlaxon,locatedintheheartoftheNevadanucleartestsite.

title:	Good Science Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jupiterscientific.org%2Fsciinfo%2Fsciencejokes.html
desc:	Scientifichumor,jokes,andcartoonsorganizedbytopic.

title:	Improbable Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.improbable.com%2F
desc:	InternationalsciencehumormagazinechroniclesgenuineandconcoctedresearchfromEarth'sbestandworstscientistsandsciencewriters,andadministerstheannualIgNobelPrizeceremony.Manyarticlesonlinenotintheprintversion,andviceversa.

title:	The Journal of Irreproducible Results 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jir.com%2F
desc:	Bimonthlysciencehumormagazinepublishedsince1955.Samplearticles,subscriptionandcontactinformation,andthemagazine'shistory.

title:	OmniResearch, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Figoresha.virtualave.net%2FOmniResearch%2F
desc:	TheJournalofOmniresearchOnlinepublishesoriginalhumorousresearcharticlesinabroadrangeofscientifictopics.[Containsfictitiousinformation.]

title:	Reality Carnival 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsprott.physics.wisc.edu%2Fpickover%2Fpc%2Frealitycarnival.html
desc:	Anewssitethatexplorestheedgesofscience:alteredrealities,near-deathexperiences,unsolvedmysteries,exoticsushi,paralleluniverses,religionandscience,weirdandfun,sex,beautyandbrains,fantasticmemes.EditedbysciencewriterDr.CliffPickover.

title:	Science Humor Webring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xs4all.nl%2F%7Ejcdverha%2Fscihum%2Fwebring.html
desc:	Thisringisintendedtojoinwebsiteswithhumoraboutscienceandscientists,sothatyoucanwanderforeveralongthesciencehumorsites.

title:	Science Jokes (Joachim Verhagen's site) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xs4all.nl%2F%7Ejcdverha%2Fscijokes%2F
desc:	Collectionofmathematics,physics,chemistry,biology,geologyanduniversityhumor.Italsoincludeshumorousquotes,rhymes,mnemonicsandanecdotesaboutscientists

title:	Scientific AmeriKen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scientificameriken.com%2F
desc:	Delvesintomanyscientificdisciplinestocomeupwithsomeunusualinsightsandexperiments.

title:	Scientific Quotes Gathered on the Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gdargaud.net%2FHumor%2FQuotesScience.html
desc:	Miscellaneousquotes,including:whatintheworldiselectricity,andwheredoesitgoafteritleavesthetoaster?

title:	ScientificGospel.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scientificgospel.com%2F
desc:	PromptedbyaletterfromDr.EugenieScottinScienceNewsnotingthatthecreationistshaveallthegoodsongs,Dr.StephenBairddecidedtoaddressthelongneglectedproblemofscientificgospel.Includesmusic,quotes,andmerchandise.

title:	Sciography 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciography.com%2F
desc:	Ahumorouslookatinfluentialscientiststhroughouthistory.

title:	Sketchbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsss.comicgenesis.com%2F
desc:	Webcomicaboutscienceandthesituationsthatoccurwhenitallgoeswrong.

title:	Society for Scientific Exploitation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Essehome%2F
desc:	Promotingthebeliefinexotic,aberrant,orsupernaturalexplanationsforostensiblyanomalousorparanormalphenomena.

title:	South Pacific Institute of Nolledge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nolledge.com%2F
desc:	TeNgstitutePikamanagaOPasifika.Asatiricallookatmoderncorporateresearchinstitutes:nolledge,boffins,sustainablemanagers,ambushmarketing,andelectronretrospectroscopy.

title:	Stop the Spin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstopthespin.org%2F
desc:	Satiricalorganizationdedicatedtostoppingglobalwarmingbystoppingthespinoftheearth.

title:	The Straight Dope by Cecil Adams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.straightdope.com%2F
desc:	"EducationandCondescension"-Fightingignorancesince1973,CecilAdamstakesquestionsfromtheteemingmillions,spewingforthcorrectnessweekafterweekinhisreplies.

title:	Strange But Untrue Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstrangebutuntrue.tripod.com%2Fscience%2Fmain.htm
desc:	ExplorethethreekeyareasofScience(Phydlstics,PharmacyandSquidgyThings)withamadscientist.

title:	Why Is The Sky Blue 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.why-is-the-sky-blue.tv%2F
desc:	Featuresfunnyscientificmisinformationandsilliness.

title:	The Lighter Side of Psych 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience%2FPsychology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.erols.com%2Fgeary%2Fpsychology%2F
desc:	Graduatestudent,assessment,andclinicaljokes.

title:	Off the Mark Psychology Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience%2FPsychology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.offthemark.com%2Fpsych.htm
desc:	ManycartoonsbyMarkParisi.

title:	On the Psychologist's Couch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience%2FPsychology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.palme.nu%2Fcomics
desc:	Acollectionofcomicsbasedontheartist'sexperienceasapsychotherapist.

title:	Shrink-In-A-Box 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience%2FPsychology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dreamwv.com%2Fshrink%2Fshrink.html
desc:	Ahumorouscomputerpsychologicalanalysis.

title:	Social Psychology Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FScience%2FPsychology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.units.miamioh.edu%2Fpsybersite%2FHumor%2Findex.shtml
desc:	Popularcartoonswithpsychologicalanalysisoftheirthemes.

title:	Chinese Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRegional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chinesejokes.net%2F
desc:	CollectionofChineseandAsianjokes,humor,andpictures.

title:	Fuzzywassyworld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRegional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fco%2Ffuzzywassyworld%2F
desc:	FeaturesNewZealand,wherekiwihumourandculturearefound.

title:	Hindustanlink.com Jokes Corner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRegional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hindustanlink.com%2Fjokes%2Fjokes.htm
desc:	CollectionofIndianandotherjokes.

title:	Usadeepsouth.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRegional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusadeepsouth.ms11.net%2F
desc:	StoriesandhumorfromthedeepsouthoftheUnitedStates.

title:	Artizans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artizans.com%2F
desc:	Editorial,politicalcartoonistsofferfreesamplesandpaydownloadsite.

title:	Bob James's View of Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Ebob_james%2Findex.html
desc:	Joesixpack'sviewofpolitics.AND,hewantstosellyoustuff!

title:	Drudge Retort 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drudgeretort.com%2F
desc:	LinkstosatiricalstoriesaboutworldeventsandUSpolitics.

title:	GetOdd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.getodd.com%2Fnews%2Fnews.html
desc:	Humor,satireandparodywithEntertaininggamesandamusements.Fungiftsforthoseyoucanlivewithout.

title:	The Hittman Chronicle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davehitt.com%2F
desc:	Anoffbeatjournalofopinionsonmoviesandcurrentevents.

title:	How Can You Laugh at a Time Like This? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dreamagic.com%2Fbruce%2Fhowcanyou.html
desc:	AlibertarianpoliticalhumorcolumnbyWillyChaplin(BruceMadison)andhiswifeGypsy.

title:	Libertoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Flibertoons.tripod.com%2F
desc:	AlEllsworth'seditorialcartoonswithaclassicalliberalslant.

title:	Mind Tears Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.kpn.nl%2Farmit%2F
desc:	Cartoonsandcomicssatireonworldpolitics.InDutchandEnglish.Updatedatleastonceaweek.

title:	Moore's Laws of Bureaucracy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tinyvital.com%2FMisc%2FLawsburo.htm
desc:	Anessayonthenatureofbureaucracie.

title:	The People's Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww3.sympatico.ca%2Frobsab%2Fproject_x.html
desc:	Asatiricallookatthesovietcommunistsystem,constructedasahighschoolEnglishproject.

title:	Political Satire means polisat.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisat.com%2F
desc:	Collectionsofpoliticalsatire,humor,andparodyinasearchformat.

title:	Politickles.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.politickles.com%2F
desc:	Politicallimerickslampooningthelunaticleft,alsoincludesaselectionoffreeelectronicpostcardstomail.

title:	The Random Stump Speech Synopsis Haiku Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.everypoet.com%2Fstump%2F
desc:	Randomgeneratedsynopsisofanycampaignspeechinonlyseventeensyllables,withasingleclick.

title:	Scorched Earth Party 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ironycentral.com%2Fscorchedearth.html
desc:	Includesplatform,issuepapers,FAQ,andhowtomakeyourenemiespay.

title:	Smoker Dave. Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smokerdave.com%2F
desc:	NearlyDailyCommentaryonnewsandpoliticsinsectionTitled"ThoughtsfromaSmokeFilledRoom".Alittlebannerintensivebutpithy.

title:	SourGrapes.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourgrapes.org%2F
desc:	Satiricalslantonsocialandpoliticalissues.

title:	Talking Pez Heads On Politics and Culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfbaysailingpix.com%2Fpez.htm
desc:	Usescleverfunnygraphicstomakesomehumorouspoliticalhumorandstatements.

title:	WebRing: Diss This! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fhub%3Fring%3Drightstuff
desc:	Politicalandothersatire/parody.

title:	Where the Truth Lies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwheretruthlies.tripod.com%2FTruthLies.html
desc:	Picturesofpoliticalfigureswithhumorouscommentary,withselectedlinkstoothersites.

title:	World Ideologies With Reference to Cows 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmusic%2Fceallaigh%2Fcows.html
desc:	Examplesofworldideologiessuchassocialism,communism,capitalism,anddemocracy.Usescowmanagementasareference,exceptforsurrealism.

title:	The Movie Cliches List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FTrivia%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moviecliches.com%2F
desc:	Ahumorouslookatthemostannoyingandcommonlogicflawsandstereotypesfoundinmovies.

title:	The Audio BS Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fs88932719.onlinehome.us%2Faudio_bs.htm
desc:	Loadsofinformationaboutthecrazythingsbelievedandwrittenbyaudiophiles.

title:	Baseball Songs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kingoftheroadmusic.com%2F
desc:	Humoroussongsaboutbaseballteamsandfamousplayers.Streamingaudioavailable.

title:	Canonical List of Weird Band Names 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brightlightsfilm.com%2Fweirdbandnames%2F
desc:	Alphabeticlistofhumorousbandnamesandlinkstosomeofthem.

title:	Cheesy Mike's Cheesy Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fweird2%2Fcheesymike%2F
desc:	Acollectionofstrangeofbizarremusictitles,manywithadairytheme.

title:	Digital Fever 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fpop%2Fnsynchumor2%2Findex.html
desc:	Poprelatedhumorincludingpics,stories,linksandmocking.Featuring'NSync,BSBandBritney

title:	God of Guitar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.godofguitar.com%2F
desc:	Spoofadvicefromtwoself-styledhardrockguitarists.

title:	Great Name for a Band 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatnameforaband.com%2F
desc:	Generatesrandombandnamesalongwithworddefinitionsandsearchenginelinks.

title:	Loony Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loonymusic.com%2F
desc:	Parodiesandhumoroussongs,plusgeneralcomedyandcartoons.

title:	MIDI or Virtuoso? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Freverent.org%2Fmidi_or_virtuosi.html
desc:	Determinewhetherasoundclipisplayedbyhumanormachine.RequiresRealAudio.

title:	Mrs. Miller's World Fan Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrsmillersworld.com%2F
desc:	Thestorybehindthevoice.ElvaMillerasyouhaveneverseenherbefore.Completewithquicktimevideos.

title:	Museum of Bad Album Covers. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zonicweb.net%2Fbadalbmcvrs%2F
desc:	Acategorisedcollectionofsomeoftheworstalbumcoverseverreleased.Visitorscanvoteforthemostawful.

title:	Nod The Dog Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nodthedog.co.uk%2F
desc:	Ahumoroustakeatself-publishedmusicianswhorecordsongsintheirownhomes.

title:	Philharmonic Phunnies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philharmonicphunnies.com%2F
desc:	Cartoonsandotherfunnystuffabouttheworldofclassicalmusic.

title:	Redwood Songs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.houstonprogressive.org%2Fsongbook.html
desc:	Environmentallycorrectspoofsofpopularsongs.

title:	Rock And Roll Confidential 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rockandrollconfidential.com%2Fhall%2Findex.php
desc:	Skeweringbandpromotionalphotographs.

title:	Yodel! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yuckles.com%2Fyodel.htm
desc:	Theworld'sinteractive,animatedsingingpage.

title:	Bass Lake Beacon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbasslakebeacon.com%2F
desc:	Communitynon-newspaperwritingaboutlocaleventsandcurrentaffairs.

title:	Bent Spud 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bentspud.com%2F
desc:	Offersarticlesontopicssuchasbusiness,crimeandentertainment.Alsohasreviews.

title:	Borowitz Report 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newyorker.com%2Fhumor%2Fborowitz-report
desc:	ViewofUScurrentevents.Featuresarchives,appearancesandbooks.Daily.

title:	The Chaser 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chaser.com.au%2F
desc:	Australia'sleadingsatiricalnewspaper.

title:	Conservative News Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=https%3A%2F%2Fconservativenews.online%2F
desc:	DeliversUSpoliticalfiction.

title:	The Daily Cheese 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthedailycheese.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKfocusedwitincategoriessuchaspolitics,health,sportandworld.

title:	The Daily Currant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdailycurrant.com%2F
desc:	"Theglobalsatiricalnewspaperofrecord".

title:	The Daily Discord 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailydiscord.com%2F
desc:	Presentsspoofnewsandreviews,anddumbtextoftheweek.

title:	The Daily Mash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedailymash.co.uk%2F
desc:	Britishsatiresiteofferingfunnystoriesonnews,politicsandsport,anagonyauntcolumnandpolls.

title:	The Daily Rash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedailyrash.com%2F
desc:	ArticlesonUScurrentaffairs,celebritiesandpolitics.

title:	Daily Squib 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailysquib.co.uk%2F
desc:	Asatiricalnewspaperofferingspoofnews,politicalsatire,comedy,opinionnews.

title:	Dandy Goat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdandygoat.com%2F
desc:	Breaksnon-storiesfromtheUSAandaroundtheworld.Writesabouttopicssuchaspower,moneyandpeasantry.

title:	Dapaan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dapaan.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesKashmir-relatednonsenseincategoriessuchassocietyandbusiness.

title:	Derf Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fderfmagazine.com%2F
desc:	Weeklysatireofnewsandvideo.Alloriginalmaterialfakingcoverageofsports,entertainment,business,politics,andlifestyleitems.

title:	EMToast 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Femtoast.com%2F
desc:	Includesabsurdworldnews,sillyfolkartandoddproducts.

title:	FakingNews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fakingnews.firstpost.com%2F
desc:	Indiafocusedwitharticlesaboutpolitics,societyandtechnology.

title:	FarziNews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffarzinews.com%2F
desc:	Indiansillinessincategoriessuchascelebrity,cricketandpolitics.

title:	FM Observer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffmobserver.com%2F
desc:	Offersaround-upofarticlescoveringtopicssuchasentertainmentandsports.

title:	Friday Mash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fridaymash.com%2F
desc:	Comicstrips,drawingsandarticles.Reflectionsonpoliticiansandcurrentaffairs.

title:	GlossyNews.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glossynews.com%2F
desc:	Includesvideopodcastsandnewsinyourbriefs.

title:	Humor Times 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhumortimes.com%2F
desc:	Featuringpoliticalandeditorialcartoons,humorcolumns,fakenews,funnyvideos,moviereviewsanduserparticipation.

title:	The Inept Owl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theineptowl.com%2F
desc:	Ridiculespoliticiansandcelebrities,andincludesreviews,horoscopes,picturesandvideos.Suppliespodcasts.

title:	Ironic Times 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ironictimes.com%2F
desc:	WeeklyworldandUSstories.

title:	National Report 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnationalreport.net%2F
desc:	RidiculouslywrongreportingfromtheUSAwithabroadrangeofsubjectscoveredincludingtheubiquitousAmericanpolitics,religionandhealth.

title:	News Biscuit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewsbiscuit.com%2F
desc:	Asatiricaltakeoncurrentevents.

title:	NewsThump 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewsthump.com%2F
desc:	Britishtongue-in-cheekarticlesacrosscategoriessuchasenvironment,healthandpolitics.

title:	The Onion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheonion.com%2F
desc:	Afarcicalnewspaperfeaturingworld,nationalandcommunitynews.

title:	AdviceDiva.Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadvicediva.com%2Fad%2Ffunnypictures%2F
desc:	Funnyrelationshipandlovepictures.

title:	Answers to Men's Questions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fh2so4.net%2Flivelife%2Fanswers.html
desc:	AnswerstofiftyquestionsaskedofandaboutwomenbymalereadersofMaximmagazine.

title:	Bitter Slut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitterslut.com%2F
desc:	Anopenlookatbitterbreakupswitharticlesandrevengestories.

title:	Black Hearts Party 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblackheartsparty.com%2F
desc:	Aplaceforthebitterandjadedtocelebratethegrimrealitiesoflove.

title:	Private Eye 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.private-eye.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersincludeoldworld,I-Spy,lookalikes,crossword,stripsandadiary.Britishpublication.

title:	The Rising Wasabi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.therisingwasabi.com%2F
desc:	JapaneseperiodicaldeliveringfictitiousreportsonsubjectssuchasJapanesepolitics,societyandworldcurrentaffairs.

title:	Rubbish In, Robish Out 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjohnnyrobish.com%2F
desc:	Coveringpolitics,celebritiesandcurrentevents.Includesastand-upvideopagefortheauthor.

title:	Satire Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsatirelife.com%2F
desc:	Reportingoncurrentaffairsandentertainment.

title:	Surreal Scoop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=news&cat=News%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surrealscoop.com%2F
desc:	UKfocusedsillinesswitharticleswrittenonanythingfrompompouspoliticianstoself-servingcelebrities.

title:	BreakUpEmail.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbreakupemail.com%2F
desc:	Offersfreeemailtextgeneratortohelpyouendyourrelationshipbyemail.

title:	Christine's Creations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fde%2Fwebgrrlchris%2F
desc:	Humorous,seriousandromanticarticlesaboutrelationships.

title:	e-Closure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fe-closure.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Documentingrealbreakupletters,anonymouslyonline.RealityTVinaweblog.

title:	Frankely My Dear 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frankelymydear.com%2F
desc:	Blogfromwriter,LaurieFrankel.

title:	Ladder Theory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laddertheory.com%2F
desc:	Funnyandscientificexplanationofhowmenandwomenareattractedtoeachother.

title:	Male, Female, Neuterale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anvari.org%2Ffun%2FGender%2F
desc:	Acollectionofjokesandpicturesaboutrelationshipsandgender.

title:	Men Still Think With Their Clubs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.menstillthinkwiththeirclubs.com%2F
desc:	ExcerptsfromahumorousbookfeaturingthediaryofaseductiveStoneAgecavewomanandherexploits.

title:	Mood Swingers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fblues%2Fmoodswingers%2F
desc:	Alight-heartedlookatwhattodoandnottodoafteryou'vebeendumped.

title:	Mother-in-Law Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motherinlawstories.com%2F
desc:	Sharingfunstoriesaboutmother-in-laws.

title:	Pickup Lines Galore! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pickuplinesgalore.com%2F
desc:	Amassivecollectionoffunnypickuplinessortedbycategory.

title:	Planet of the Exes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Faboutyourbreakup.com%2Fplanetex.html
desc:	Acomicallookatdivorce,breakingup,andrelationships.

title:	Platonic Relationships 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joelogon.com%2Fplatonic
desc:	Joelogon'sFoolproofGuidetoMakingAnyWomanYourPlatonicFriend.

title:	Pseudo-Science of Love! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpsciencelove.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Alight-heartedattemptattryingtoapplylogicandreasoningtothemadnessofloveandrelationships.

title:	ReaniMate Dating Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Freanimateblog.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Datingblog.Acollectionofhumorousarticlesandblurbsrevolvingarounddatinganew.

title:	Relationshit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Frelationshit.com%2F
desc:	Brutallyhonestdatingandrelationshipadviceforthecynical,bitterandjaded.

title:	RomanceStuck.com: Relationship Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.romancestuck.com%2Fjokes%2Frelationship-jokes.htm
desc:	Smallcollectionofjokesaboutrelationships,marriage,weddings,anddivorce.

title:	Whack Your Ex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doodie.com%2Frelationship_breakup_e.php
desc:	Afun,animatedgamewhereyoucanwhackyourex.

title:	Why I Will Never Have A Girlfriend 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FRelationships&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.nothingisreal.com%2Fwiki%2FWhy_I_Will_Never_Have_a_Girlfriend
desc:	Aproof,usingsimplestatisticalcalculus,ofwhyitisimpossibletofindagirlfriend.

title:	BoulderTherapist.com Mental Health Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMental_Health%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bouldertherapist.com%2Fhtml%2Fhumor%2FHumor.html
desc:	Collectionofmentalhealthjokes

title:	Burnout 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMental_Health%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bouldertherapist.com%2Fhtml%2Fhumor%2FMentalHealthHumor%2Fburnoutsigns.html
desc:	Humorouswarningsignsofburnoutformentalhealthworkers.

title:	Humor as a Defense Mechanism in the Holocaust 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMental_Health%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.macam98.ac.il%2F%7Eochayo%2Fabsract.html
desc:	AninvestigationbyChayaOstrowerforherPhDonthetypesandfunctionsofhumorusedbyJewsduringtheHolocaust.

title:	On Beyond Ritalin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMental_Health%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fncpamd.com%2Fon-beyond-ritalin%2F
desc:	Dr.SuessstylepoemandcartoonscoveringallknowntreatmentsforADHD.

title:	Rapid Psychler Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMental_Health%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psychler.com%2F
desc:	Humorous,yeteducationaltextbooksandpresentationgraphicsforpsychiatry,psychologyandotherbehavioralsciences.

title:	Social Phobia Phunnies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMental_Health%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fcomics%2Fsp-phunnies%2F
desc:	Featurescartoonsandcartoonstrips.

title:	Tribute to Selfless Heroines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMental_Health%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fheroines.room52.net%2F
desc:	Atongue-in-cheektaleofaso-calledpsychiatrictreatmentcentreinAustralia.

title:	Fighting Off Frumpy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fightingfrumpy.com%2F
desc:	Ahumorouslookatonemom'sobservationsoflifewithyoungchildren.

title:	The Fine Art of Mumming 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fhome%2Ftalespinner9%2Fmumming.html
desc:	Acollectionofbrieftalesfromtheparentingfront.

title:	imperfectparent.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imperfectparent.com%2F
desc:	Humorousarticlesandjournalrelatingtoparenthood,plusaforumcoveringdiverseparenting-relatedtopics.

title:	JellyMom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jellymom.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Humorandarticlesfromastay-at-home-mom.

title:	Parenting, with or without losing your mind 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mddavis.homestead.com%2Fparenting.html
desc:	Ahumorousguidetoparentingwrittenbyauthor,humoristandbeleagueredparent,MarilynD.Davis.

title:	Real Mom Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.realmom.com%2F
desc:	Satiricalforumformotherstocopewithkidsthroughstories,animation,andstickfigurecartoons.

title:	Shit My Kids Ruined 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fshitmykidsruined.com%2F
desc:	Picturesofpossessionsdestroyedordamagedbychildren.

title:	Tastes Like Crazy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftastelikecrazy.com%2F
desc:	Writingsonfamilylifeandpolitics.

title:	Tyler and Dalton's Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParenting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Ftyleranddalton%2F
desc:	Atongue-in-cheeklookatparentingformomseverywhere.

title:	The 213 Things Skippy Is No Longer Allowed To Do In The U.S. Army 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skippyslist.com%2F
desc:	Anoffbeatlistofforbiddenthingstodointhemilitary.

title:	Accountantjokes.co.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accountantjokes.co.uk%2F
desc:	Jokesaboutaccountingandbook-keeping.

title:	The Airline Dispatcher Home Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Ftx3%2Fhdf%2Findex.html%2F
desc:	HeffernanDispatchFederation,fortheexperiencedaircraftdispatcher.

title:	Architecture Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.architecturejokes.com%2F
desc:	Jokesaboutarchitecture,buildingandconstruction.Visitorscanratejokesforqualityorsubmittheirown.

title:	At Work and Bored 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fatworkandbored.com%2F
desc:	Aselectionofworkandnon-workrelatedhumortostaveoffboredom,plusapanicbuttonincasethebossvisits.

title:	Barber Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swopnet.com%2Ftarrytown%2Fbarber_humor.html
desc:	Acollectionofquotesandfunnysayingsrelatingtothebusinessofcuttinghair.

title:	Business and Safety Cartoons by Ted Goff 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tedgoff.com%2Fmain.html
desc:	Businesscartoonssearchablebykeywordortopic.

title:	Clientcopia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clientcopia.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofstupidquotesfromcustomersandclients.Acceptssubmissions.

title:	The Covert Comic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.covertcomic.com%2F
desc:	CIA-relatedhumorbyatrueCIAofficer.

title:	Customers Suck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.customerssuck.com%2F
desc:	Thereasonwhythoseinretailthinkcustomerssuck,andwhatyoucandotostopit.

title:	The Diary of Mad Workers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fevilcustomers.livejournal.com%2F
desc:	Complaintsofpeoplewhoworkincustomerservice.

title:	Don's Boss Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.donsbosspage.com%2F
desc:	Hidefromyourbosswiththisfakespreadsheet.Stealthsurfingtips,andworker-friendlysites.

title:	Frustrated At Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffrustratedatwork.org%2F
desc:	Storiesfromthefrontlinesofemployment,strugglingwithbossesandcopingwithcoworkers.

title:	Get a Job 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjobshark.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Thejobsarereal,theclassifiedadsarereal,theapplicationsandtheresponsesareallreal.

title:	Engrish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.engrish.com%2F
desc:	DocumentingsomeofthemoreamusingmisusesoftheEnglishlanguage.

title:	Innocent English 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Finnocentenglish.com%2F
desc:	HumorousmisusesoftheEnglishlanguagefromstudents,politicians,shops,non-Englishandnativespeakers.

title:	The Letter-Salad Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftsurf.i-networx.de%2F
desc:	Makesreadableletter-saladbychangingtheorderoftheletters.

title:	Hate Your Job 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amallison.free-online.co.uk%2F
desc:	Anirreverentlookatworkincludingrottenmanagers,subversivestaff,andjargon.

title:	I Should Be Working 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ishouldbeworking.com%2F
desc:	Lookbusywhileyouslackoffandplaygamesorreadjokesonthissite.

title:	iWorkWithFools.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iworkwithfools.com%2F
desc:	Read,ventorshareanonymousworkrelatedstoriesaboutfoolishcoworkersandbosses.

title:	JobSchmob 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jobschmob.com%2F
desc:	Cartoons,storiesandponderingstodowiththeworkplace.Visitorscansharetheirownstories.

title:	Sloganizer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sloganizer.net%2Fen%2F
desc:	Createsameaningful,meaninglessorpossibleinspiringphrase.InEnglishandGerman.

title:	Story Fun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstuff.mit.edu%2Fstoryfun
desc:	Generatesarandomstorybasedonaseriesofnouns,verbsandothergrammar.

title:	The Surrealist Compliment Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FUseless_Pages%2FLanguage&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madsci.org%2Fcgi-bin%2Fcgiwrap%2F%7Elynn%2Fjardin%2FSCG%2F
desc:	Nonsensicalcomplimentsselectedatrandom.

title:	Laid Off: A No Nothing Production 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Foddtodd.com%2F
desc:	AnanimatedstoryofOddTodd'slifeafterhehasbeenlaidofffromhisjob.Includesdownloads,personalthoughts,andrelatedlinks.TipjaracceptsPayPaldonations.

title:	Life in the Weeds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Flifeintheweeds.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Humorforwaiters,waitresses,bartenders,andotherrestaurantstaff.

title:	MadKane - Career Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madkane.com%2Fwork.html
desc:	WorkplacehumorfromcolumnistMadeleineBegunKane.

title:	Military Jokes and Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.military-quotes.com%2Fjokes%2F
desc:	Includingmurphyslawsofcombat,funnymilitaryquotes,andhumorousstoriesfromthearmedforces.

title:	The Mother of All Excuses Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmadtbone.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Readorsubmitexcusesfornotgoingtowork,school,beingstoppedbythepolice,breakingdates,doctorexcusesandothertopics.

title:	Not My Desk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.notmydesk.com%2F
desc:	Viewsontheworkplaceandlifefromajobbingtemp.

title:	Occupational Hazards - Job Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fworkjokes.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Jokesbyprofessionincludingdoctor,lawyer,dentist,scientist,engineer,andtruckdriver.

title:	The "Blog" of "Unnecessary" Quotation Marks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FStyle_Guides%2FGrammar%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unnecessaryquotes.com%2F
desc:	Amoderatedblogwithuser-submittedpicturesofquotationmarksusedimproperly,withhumorouscommentary.

title:	Apostrophe Abuse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FStyle_Guides%2FGrammar%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apostropheabuse.com%2F
desc:	Detailspublicmisuseoftheapostrophe,withphotosandcommentary.

title:	Elizabeth Molin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FStyle_Guides%2FGrammar%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Felizabethmolin.com%2F%3Fpage_id%3D18
desc:	Ahandfulofessaysongrammarmeanttobeinformativeandfunny.

title:	Gallery of ''Misused'' Quotation Marks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FStyle_Guides%2FGrammar%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.juvalamu.com%2Fqmarks%2F
desc:	They'requotationmarks,andtheyturnupinthestrangestofplaces.

title:	The Grammar Vandal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FStyle_Guides%2FGrammar%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthegrammarvandal.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	ThechroniclesofawomanwhocorrectsthegrammarofpublicsignsinBostonwithapermanentmarker,andmakesotherobservationsaboutgrammar.

title:	Red Pen Brigade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FWriters_Resources%2FStyle_Guides%2FGrammar%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redpenbrigade.com%2F
desc:	Photographsandanalysisoffrustratinggrammarerrors.

title:	Off The Boss Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.offtheboss.com%2F
desc:	HowtosurviveworkingforaBoneheadBoss.

title:	Overheard in the Office: The Voice of the Cubicle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.overheardintheoffice.com%2F
desc:	Fragmentsthattellawholestory,overheardinofficeseverywhere.

title:	Receptionist Rage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Freceptionistrage.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Rantingsofareceptionisttoletoffsteam.

title:	Service! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rusted-crush.com%2Fservice%2Findex.html
desc:	Quotesandtalesfromtheauthor'sdaysasawaitress.Visitorscanalsocontributetheirownexperiences.

title:	SlapFish.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fslap.fish%2F
desc:	Freede-motivationalpostersanddesktopwallpaper.

title:	Universal Questionnaire Response Form 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lhup.edu%2F%7Edsimanek%2Fquestion.htm
desc:	Aquestionnairetosendbacktopeoplewhosendoutquestionnaires.

title:	The Wacky World of Wally World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wallyworldlife.com%2F
desc:	AjournalofalltheinsanethingsencounteredwhileworkingatWal-Mart.

title:	Waiter Rant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waiterrant.net%2F
desc:	Awaitershareshisstories.

title:	Wal-Mart Cart Crew 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJob-Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fcartcrew%2F
desc:	Funnystories,informationandpicturesfromthecrewfromSupercenter0766.

title:	Conan the Librarian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FLibraries%2FLibrary_and_Information_Science%2FLibrariana%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aallnet.org%2Fchapter%2Fmall%2Fconan%2Fconanhp.html
desc:	ConaninhabitsthemythicalInformationAge,whereheisatypicalreferencelibrarian.Hisworldneverthelessbearssomestrangesimilaritiestoourown.FromtheMinnesotaAssociationofLawLibraries.

title:	The Driving Insane 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FLibraries%2FLibrary_and_Information_Science%2FLibrariana%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthedrivinginsane.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Thisweblogprovidesaglimpseintothealternate,semi-psychoticuniverseofthelocalpubliclibrary(withsomeforaysintotheoutsideworld.)

title:	Q Fever 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qfever.com%2F
desc:	Amedicalhumorandsatirewebsiteforhealthcareprofessionals.

title:	Doctor Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doctorjokes.net%2F
desc:	Medicaljokesarrangedbypopularityorservedatrandom.

title:	A Doctor's Blooper List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doctorslounge.com%2Fhumour%2Fbloopers.htm
desc:	Medicalbloopers,humor,videosandjokes.

title:	Gomer Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgomerblog.com%2F
desc:	Featuresfakestorieswithmedicalhumorandsatire.

title:	Managed Care Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fncpamd.com%2Fcategory%2Fmcjokes%2F
desc:	Jokes,cartoonspokingfunatmanagedcareandthebusinesssideofmedicine.

title:	Medical Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmd3%2Fmedical_humor%2F
desc:	Asmallcollectionofmedicaljokes.

title:	Medical Student Ploys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edonnelly.com%2Fmed_student_ploys.html
desc:	Alistofploysusedbymedicalstudentsuseintheoperatingroomwhentheydon'tknowtheanswertoaquestion.

title:	Medican Jokes and Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medical-jokes.com%2F
desc:	Medicaljokes,doctorjokesandcartoonssortedintocategoriesbymedicalspecialty.

title:	Medindia - Medical Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medindia.net%2Fhumour%2Fhumourindex.asp
desc:	Medicaljokes,satire,newspapermisprintsandcartoons.

title:	Quacks's Medical  World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.swipnet.se%2Fmed-humor%2Findex2.htm
desc:	Funnycartoonsandanimationsincolorfromthemedicalworld.

title:	Antitomato.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antitomato.com%2F
desc:	Acampaigntoridtheworldofthetomato.

title:	Ban Bread Now! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuser.pa.net%2F%7Enrwing%2Fwhataguy%2Fbanbread%2F
desc:	Spoofongovernmentalcontrolsofindividualfreedoms,andtheanti-smokingcampaign,explainingwhybreadistherealthreat.

title:	Beer Info 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fde%2Fbeerbottles%2Finfo.html
desc:	Beerstories,jokes,facts,photos,postersandgames.

title:	Befuddle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.befuddle.co.uk%2F
desc:	Acollectionofalcohol-relatedtruestories,picturesandjokes.

title:	BigRedMug.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigredmug.com%2F
desc:	Theadventuresofanoversizedredmug,withphotos,aquizandpoems.

title:	Bring Back The Berry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fraspberrykoolaid%2Frasp.html
desc:	AcampaigntobringbackRaspberryKool-Aid.

title:	Cake Wrecks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cakewrecks.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Agalleryofdeformed,distasteful,andbizarrely-decoratedprofessionalweddingandbirthdaycakes.

title:	The Chilli Source 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthechillisource.net%2F
desc:	Donerkebabnews,reviewsandforum.

title:	Crazy Asian Drinks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.noapologiespress.com%2Fpresents%2Fasiandrink
desc:	HumorousreviewsofAsiandrinks.

title:	Diet Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdanworona.50megs.com%2F
desc:	Alargecollectionofhumoroussayingrelatingtodieting.

title:	Fruity Cuties 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fruitycuties.com%2F
desc:	CuteJapanesestylefruithumor.

title:	Funny Tummy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnytummy.com%2F
desc:	Foodjokes,strangedietsandunusualrecipes.

title:	The Gallery of Regrettable Food 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lileks.com%2Finstitute%2Fgallery%2F
desc:	Articlessatirizingcookbooksandfoodadsfromthe'30sthroughthe'60s,includingMeat!Meat!Meat!andTheUnbearableSadnessofVegetables.

title:	Hamburger UK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamburger.co.uk%2F
desc:	Madcapinteractivelistsoffoodfilms,foodsongs,andtheconveyorbeltgame.

title:	Japan Food Diary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.japanfooddiary.net%2F
desc:	PicturesoffoodfromamonthlongtriptoJapan,pluscommentary.

title:	KookyChow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kookychow.com%2F
desc:	Ahumorouslookatrealandoddfoodstuffs.

title:	Modern Drunkard Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdrunkard.com%2F
desc:	Articlesaboutthepleasuresofbeer,wineandotheralcoholicdrinks.

title:	The Museum of Burnt Food 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burntfoodmuseum.com%2F
desc:	"Celebratingtheartofculinarydisaster"withonlineexhibitofcharredcomestibles.

title:	NHRT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fplove8305.tripod.com%2F
desc:	WemixflavorsofGatoradeandidentifynew,betterflavors.

title:	Ninja Burger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ninjaburger.com%2F
desc:	Theonlyfast-foodrestaurantrunentirelybyninjas.

title:	No-bake Fake Twinkies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.food.com%2Frecipe%2Fno-bake-fake-twinkies-116272
desc:	Instructionsonhowtomakethisfakesnack,largelybasedonfoamrubber.

title:	Passions Drinking Game 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fnj2%2Fdrugstorecowgirl%2FPDG.html
desc:	DrinkinggametogoalongwiththeNBCsoapopera"Passions".

title:	Planet Ranch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planetranch.com%2F
desc:	Atributetothispopularfooddressing.

title:	The Sandwich Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesandwichclub.com%2Fcontroller.html
desc:	Photographsanddiscussionofsquashedsandwiches.

title:	Sarco's Blood Bar & Grill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deadlounge.com%2Fsarco%2Findex.html
desc:	Fifties-styledinerwithanunpleasantcannibalistictwist.

title:	Skytopia : Fruit Emporium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skytopia.com%2Fproject%2Ffruit%2Ffruit.html
desc:	Humorousminireviewsofeveryfruitunderthesun,withpicturesandratingsgivenfortasteandweirdness.

title:	SuperPizzas.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.superpizzas.com%2F
desc:	Visitorscancreateavirtualpizzaforthemselves,orsendonetoafriend.

title:	Tomatoes are Evil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tomatoesareevil.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothosewhobelievethatthisfruitisactuallythespawnofSatan.

title:	Your Burrito and You 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FFood_and_Drink&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.klorg.com%2Fhumor%2Fburrito.html
desc:	Youarewhatyoueat.Findoutwhatfillingsandtoppingscantellaboutpeopleasyoubuildtheperfectburrito.

title:	Flickr: Garden Gnomes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FGardening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flickr.com%2Fgroups%2Fgardengnome%2F
desc:	Anythinggoeswiththosewhophotographgnomes.

title:	Garden Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FGardening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.golden.net%2F%7Edhobson%2F
desc:	Includessatiricalgardeningheadlines,jokes,andpestidentifier.ByauthorDavidHobson.

title:	The Constitutional Foundations of Shirley Edelman's Latkes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FLaws&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.press.uchicago.edu%2FMisc%2FChicago%2F238083.html
desc:	WhatwouldsixfamedconstitutionallawscholarshavetosayaboutthisLatkerecipe?

title:	Dumb Laws 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FLaws&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftjshome.com%2Fdumblaws.php
desc:	AlistofsomeofthestupidestlawsintheUnitedStates.

title:	The Dumb Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FLaws&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedumb.com%2F
desc:	Dumbstufffromlawstowarningstocriminals.

title:	Kenny's Laws 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FLaws&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkenlaws.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Themeaningofliferevealedthroughobservationsonbiology,philosophy,andthepeoplearoundhim.

title:	Looney Laws 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FLaws&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.totallyuselessknowledge.com%2Flaws.php
desc:	"Itisagainstthelawtogargleinpublic"andotheroddlawsindifferentUSstates.

title:	Seymour's Laws 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FLaws&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netfunny.com%2Frhf%2Fjokes%2F90q2%2Fseymor.html
desc:	Somelawsthatapplymostlytohighschoolbands.

title:	Doubtful Accounts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FInvesting%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doubtfulaccounts.com%2F
desc:	Asourceofstockmarketsatire.Customizedstockmarketcartoonsforfinancialwebsites.

title:	How Rich Are You 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FInvesting%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howrichareyou.com.au%2F
desc:	AnonlinecalculatorthathumorouslycomparesyourincometoGinaRinehart,Australia'srichestperson.

title:	LOL-Fed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FInvesting%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Flolfed.com%2F
desc:	Economicanalysiswithadoseofhumor.Cartoonsaboutcurrentmarketconditions.

title:	Random Financial Advice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FInvesting%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marketindex.com.au%2Frandom-financial-advice
desc:	Generatesrandomfinancialadvicewhenyouclickthebutton.

title:	The Secret Journal of Rakesh Jhunjhunwala 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FInvesting%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rakeshjhunjhunwala.in%2F
desc:	HumorouslookatinvestinginIndia.Primarilystockmarketrelated.

title:	Strange Bloomberg Headlines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FInvesting%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstrangebloombergheadlines.tumblr.com%2F
desc:	Bloombergheadlinesthathavefunnyconnotations,innuendoorsimplydonotmakesense.

title:	Carbon Copy Celebs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fclone%2Fcarboncopycelebs%2F
desc:	Featureslookalikesandcomparisons.

title:	Celebrities Eating 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.celebrities-eating.com%2F
desc:	Totallyuncutphotographsofcelebritiesenjoyingtheirfavoritefoods.

title:	CelebrityHateList.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftbonetom.tripod.com%2FAframe.html
desc:	Chroniclesthefamousandtheirbadattitudes.

title:	Chretien or Pumpkin? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchretienorpumpkin.tripod.com%2F
desc:	DevotedtothePrimeMinisterofCanada.Featurespicturesandpolls.

title:	Citizens against stupid celebrities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdumbcelebs.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Funnyandoriginalpicsofcelebritieslike:leonardo,Hanson,N'Sync,andalsoalotofgamestoplayonthesite.

title:	The Des Lynam Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmrbongo1.homestead.com%2Fdes.html
desc:	AcollectionofDesLynamquotesandjokes.

title:	Elvis Hunter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elvishunter.8k.com%2F
desc:	Featuressightings,informationandtheconspiracy.

title:	Film Fight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmovies%2Ffilmfight%2F
desc:	Awrylookatcharactermatchups.

title:	Go Fug Yourself 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgofugyourself.typepad.com%2F
desc:	Commentaryoncelebritieswithunfortunatedresssense.

title:	MugShots.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mugshots.com%2F
desc:	Mugshotsfeaturingcelebrities,sportspersonalities,hardenedcriminalsandunusuallookingpeople.

title:	Rear of the Year 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rearoftheyearcompetition.com%2F
desc:	Contestthatawardsafemaleandamalewhoaredeterminedtohavethebestbottoms.Providesinformationonthecompetitionwithdetailsofallthepastandpresentwinners.

title:	Soundboard Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soundboardarchive.com%2F
desc:	OffershumoroussoundboardsfromTV,movie,andradiopersonalities.

title:	They Died in Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FCelebrities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yuckles.com%2Ffldead.htm
desc:	GuesswhichofthesecelebritiesdiedinFlorida.

title:	Brain Candy Christmas Collections 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corsinet.com%2Fbraincandy%2Fxmaspage.html
desc:	Christmashumor,jokes,puzzles,trivia,andriddles.

title:	The Case of the Stalking Stuffer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trygve.com%2Fmostwanton.html
desc:	Ared-nosedreigndeerspillsthebeansonSanta.

title:	Christmas Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humormatters.com%2Fholidays%2Fxmas.htm
desc:	LinkstoplentyofChristmasjokesandsonglyrics.

title:	Christmas Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kraftmstr.com%2Fchristmas%2Fhumor%2F
desc:	Someoldandnewjokesandtoptenlists.

title:	Christmas Humour 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christmasjokes.co.uk%2F
desc:	Featuresshortjokes,storiesandcarols.

title:	Christmasvideo.co.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christmasvideo.co.uk%2F
desc:	ChristmasvideoscreatedbythestaffatDynamis.

title:	Dezert-Rose: Christmas Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dezert-rose.com%2Fhumor%2Fchristmas%2F
desc:	Jokesandotherhumorousentriesincludingsonglyricsandvariationsonthe12daysofChristmas.Includessomeasciiart.

title:	Elves on the Edge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FPikachuAnElfGoneBad%2F
desc:	Seasonalsatire.Featureshumorousimagesandcaptions.

title:	Funny Christmas Pictures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funny-christmas-pictures.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesfunnyandbizarreChristmaspictures.

title:	The Most Narcotic Period of Anniversary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Feclecticquill.com%2Fcarols.html
desc:	ShowshowChristmascarolsrunthroughtheAltavistaBabelfishtranslatorgetmangled.

title:	7 Reasons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2F7reasons.org%2F
desc:	Adailylistofsevenreasonswhythingsareso.

title:	Bad Ads 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bad-ads.co.uk%2F
desc:	Asiteaboutterribleadvertising.Reviewsofadvertisingthatiscurrentlyonthetelevision.Ratethemonascaleofawfulness.

title:	The Brishish Invasion Squadron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishinvasion.co.uk%2F
desc:	BasedaroundagroupoffriendsfromMotleyFoolmessageboardafteritwentsubscriptiononly,withanIDparade,aselectionofquizzesandcaptioncompetitions.

title:	Santa Claus vs. Elves, Reindeer and Teamsters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grudge-match.com%2FHistory%2Fsanta_teamsters.shtml
desc:	Thebattlelinesaredrawnastheelvesandthereindeergoonstrike.

title:	The Worst Christmas Presents Ever 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.somethingawful.com%2Fcomedy-goldmine%2Fworst-christmas-gifts%2F
desc:	Funnytruestoriesaboutcrappygifts.

title:	Xmas-Jokes.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHolidays%2FChristmas%2FEntertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xmas-jokes.com%2F
desc:	AcollectionofChristmas-relatedjokes,one-liners,andhumorousstories.

title:	Comedy Online London 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedyonline.co.uk%2F
desc:	Standupcomedyandcabaretlistingsforclubs,pubs,comediansandcomedyvenuesinLondon.

title:	The Daily Mash 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedailymash.co.uk%2F
desc:	Satiresiteofferingparodiesofnews,politicsandsportstories.

title:	Daily Reckless 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailyreckless.co.uk%2F
desc:	ParodyofaBritishtabloidnewspaper.

title:	Disappointment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.disappointment.com%2F
desc:	Spoofofscripts,magazinesandcelebrities,plusrantsonavarietyoftopics.

title:	The Domicile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comdotdom.com%2F
desc:	FunnyThoughtoftheDay,andhumorousrantsonsubjectsasdiverseasdieting,oldpeople,eavesdroppingandhowtorecogniseapiano.

title:	Fact Sheep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pjmorris.com%2Ffactsheep%2F
desc:	Displaysaninterestingorunusualfactfromanevergrowingdatabase.Visitorscansubmitfactsoftheirownforinclusion.

title:	Feel Welcome 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.feelwelcome.co.uk%2F
desc:	Jokeart,comedyphotographyandveryshortfiction.

title:	First Foot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstfoot.com%2F
desc:	Coversthemyth,magic,beliefsandbaloney,history,mysteryandblisteryfeetuponthewalkofScottishlifethatisHogmanay.

title:	Gary Hogg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.garyhogg.co.uk%2F
desc:	ComedymonologuesandfairlytruthfultalesfromtheNorthofEngland.

title:	NewsThump 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewsthump.com%2F
desc:	AsatiricaltakeoncurrentaffairsandnewsfromtheUKandworldwide.

title:	Petrol Direct 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petroldirect.com%2F
desc:	Spoofmail-orderretailerofpetroleumproducts.

title:	Readersheds.co.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.readersheds.co.uk%2F
desc:	Visitorscansharetheirloveofsmallwoodenbuildings,exchangephotographsanddiscussshed-relatedactivities.

title:	Southend News Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsouthendnewsnetwork.com%2F
desc:	SpoofnewsfromtheEssexseasideresort.

title:	The Surrealist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesurrealist.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offbeatandsurrealhumour,animationsandgames.

title:	The Voice of Reason 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thevoiceofreason.co.uk%2F
desc:	Aparodyoftheprintedmediaandtelevision.

title:	Whoohoo! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FHumour&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whoohoo.co.uk%2F
desc:	AmusingtranslationsofBritishdialectsincluding;cockney,geordie,Irish,scouse,YorkshireandbrummieversionsaswellasthepopularAliG.

title:	Anvil Dropping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sentex.net%2F%7Emwandel%2Fcannon%2Fanvil_dropping.html
desc:	Sitedocumentscrushingofelectronicsbydroppingalargesteelweightonthem.

title:	The Best of Rec.Humor.Funny 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netfunny.com%2Frhf%2Fjokes%2Fcomputer.html
desc:	Computersandtechnologyjokeswithone-lineratings.

title:	Colossal Computer Cartoon Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atariarchives.org%2Fcartoon%2F
desc:	Vintagecartoonsandcomicsaboutcomputersandtechnology.

title:	Compufun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anvari.org%2Ffun%2FComputer%2F
desc:	Collectionofjokesandhumorousimages,coveringavarietyoftopics.

title:	Computer Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computer-jokes.net%2F
desc:	Jokesandpicturesaimedatamusinggeeks.Visitorcontributionsaccepted.

title:	Computer Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computerjokes.net%2F
desc:	OldandnewjokesaboutcomputingandtheInternet.

title:	Computer Stupidities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rinkworks.com%2Fstupid%2F
desc:	Humorousanecdotesofuserscreativelymisusingcomputers.

title:	Cyber Exorcism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyberexorcism.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtofightingthepoltergeistsandcyber-demonsthatinhabitPCs.

title:	Dictionary of Computing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toxiccustard.com%2Fcomputing%2F
desc:	Ahumorousdictionaryofcomputingterms.

title:	Don't Tech Me In 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bytebackonline.com%2F
desc:	Technologyhumorsitewitharticles,links,ande-mailupdates.

title:	The Easter Egg Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eeggs.com%2F
desc:	Secrettidbitshiddeninsoftware,movies,music,TV,books,andart.

title:	Easter Eggs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.softwaretipsandtricks.com%2Feastereggs%2F
desc:	AmusingsecrettidbitsandEastereggshiddeninsoftware

title:	Five B's 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2FFive_Bs%2FTech_Sup.html
desc:	Includescomputerjokesonavarietyofsubjects.

title:	The Haunted Apple 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Falexfung.info%2Ffavorite%2Flit%2Fapple.htm
desc:	HumorousghoststoriesfabricatedfromhardfactsandexperiencesofcommonAppleIIusers.

title:	Knuth 3:16 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.larry.denenberg.com%2FKnuth-3-16%2F
desc:	AretrospectiveoftheworkofDonKnuth,writtenafewthousandyearsfromnow.

title:	Life In a Tech Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liats.com%2F
desc:	Alookathowpeoplemistreattheircomputers,whichcommentaryandphotographs.

title:	Meet Joe Bloggs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techbookreport.com%2Fwhoisjb.html
desc:	Astoryofthetrialsandtribulationsofateamofsoftwaredevelopers.

title:	The Network Administrator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thenetworkadministrator.com%2F
desc:	AhumoroustakeontheliftinITsupport.

title:	NotJoeSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnotjoesoft.50megs.com%2F
desc:	SoftwareparodiesincludesJoesoftCheese,awebbrowser,andJoesoftMama,agenealogytool.

title:	Ol' Buffalo Computer Humor Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.three-peaks.net%2Fcomp_fun.htm
desc:	Collectionofcomputerjokes.

title:	Please Spam Me 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laze.net%2Fspam%2F
desc:	Sarcasticodetotheworstoftheworstjunke-mail.

title:	TechTales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FComputer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techtales.com%2F
desc:	Includescollectionofamusingtechsupportstories.Includesstoriesfromhomeandprofessionalsupportsituations.

title:	ABC for MBAs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abcformbas.com%2F
desc:	Stuffyoudon'tlearnatHarvard.

title:	All Scottish Teachers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allscottishteachers.co.uk%2F
desc:	AcollectionofschoolstoriesfromteachersinScotlandandallovertheworld

title:	Dack University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdack.itgo.com%2F
desc:	Spoofeducationestablishmentwithlinkstoshopping,athletics,andcarracing.

title:	Education Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adprima.com%2Fhumor.htm
desc:	Excerptsfromanswersonhigh-schoolhistoryexams,worstanalogiesusedinpapers,scienceexams,andsciencemisconceptions.

title:	Facts Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffacts.net%2F
desc:	Acollectionoffast,essentialandinterestingfactsformanytopics.Randomfactsandquizarefunandeducational.

title:	Funnies for Teachers and Parents 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teachingheart.net%2Ffunny.html
desc:	Jokes,storiesandanecdotesaboutthelivesofstudents,parentsandteachers.

title:	Geography Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeography.about.com%2Flibrary%2Fmisc%2Fblhumor.htm
desc:	Severaldifferentjokesrelatedtogeography.

title:	Harlem College and University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fangelfire.com%2Ffolk%2Fdegreemill
desc:	Ghettobasedinstitutionofferingskillsandtrainingneededinthe'hood.

title:	Naked Chimp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FE-greetings%2FHumor&url=https%3A%2F%2Fnakedchimp.cards%2F
desc:	Featuresaselectionoffreecartoonandphotoecards.

title:	PinStruck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FE-greetings%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinstruck.com%2F
desc:	Allowsyoutosendanonymousvoodoocursesfeaturingacustomizeddollviae-mail.

title:	Rattlebox 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FE-greetings%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rattlebox.com%2F
desc:	Choosefromaselectionofhumorousvideoecards.

title:	Uncooked 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FE-greetings%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uncookedlandthestore.com%2F
desc:	CollectionofquirkyandfunnyeCardsandastoresellingrelatedmerchandise.

title:	Wrongcards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FInternet%2FE-mail%2FE-greetings%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wrongcards.com%2F
desc:	Offeringaselectionoftwistedpostcardsforbirthdays,andnon-traditionaloccasions.

title:	Apprecihated World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.satirebonn.com%2F
desc:	"SatirefromBonn"isacollectionofpoemsandsatiricalshortstoriesinverseonAnglo-Europeanrelations,byGerman-bornauthorRainerTriller.Illustrationsbytheauthor.

title:	Clinton Liebrary Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclintonliebrarybook.com%2F
desc:	SatirizestheClintonPresidentialLibrary.Reviewsandorderinginformation.

title:	Expecting A New Cat Doesn't Cause Morning Sickness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fexpectinganewcat.com%2F
desc:	Ahumorouslookatthelifestyledifferencesbetweenadoptingacatandparentingachild.

title:	The Funny Bride Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnybrideguide.com%2F
desc:	Ahumorous,butpracticalweddingguideforthebride.

title:	Lazy Way To Success 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lazyway.net%2F
desc:	Offershardcovertitle,samplechapter,bonusillustrations,andauthorandillustratordata.

title:	The Prophit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FBooks%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fpq%2Fprophits%2FTheProphetparody.html
desc:	SocialsatireinthestyleofGibran'sTheProphet.IncludesbookreviewfromLosAngelesFreePress.W.W.KushnerPublisher.

title:	Ask Dr. Eldritch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.askdreldritch.com%2F
desc:	Uncommonadviceforthosewhofindthemselvesinextraordinarycircumstances.

title:	Ask Skippy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fniftyness.com%2Faskskippy%2Fskippy.htm
desc:	Hundredsofdumbquestionsandanswers.

title:	Ask the Big Brain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Faskthebigbrain.com%2F
desc:	Funnyanswerstoquestionssubmittedto"TheBigBrain".

title:	Dear Cupid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dearcupid.org%2F
desc:	Funloveadvice,relationshiphelpandtips.

title:	Dear Reid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdearreid.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Utterlyuselessadvicefromacompletelyunqualifiedguy.

title:	Don't Throw a Brick Straight Up 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Frinkworks.com%2Fbrick%2F
desc:	Adviceandtipstohelpthestupidcopewithlife.

title:	Duct Tape Guys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.octanecreative.com%2Fducttape%2F
desc:	JimandTimexploreimplausibleusesofthestickygraystuffinbooksandappearancesonstageandtelevision.Drop-downlistwithdozensofusecategories.

title:	Fun Advice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funadvice.com%2F
desc:	Forumofferinghumorousadviceonlifeandrelationships.Freemembership.

title:	Gorm the Wired Viking 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgorm.com%2F
desc:	Chooseyourtopicandberewardedwithan"ancient"Vikingproverb,orhelptocreatenewproverbsinGorm'sOldeProverbFactory.

title:	Grumpy Llama 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grumpyllama.com%2F
desc:	GuidancefromanunhappymemberoftheCamelidaefamily.

title:	Just for the Halibut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmy%2Fwords2liveby%2F
desc:	Humorousquotesandstrangeadviceforeverydaylife.

title:	Miss Abigail's Time Warp Advice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missabigail.com%2F
desc:	Oldadviceforcontemporarydilemmas,coveringtheage-oldtopicsofdating,love,livingtogether,puberty,marriage,sex,etiquette,housekeeping,andevenhomerepairs.

title:	Nanna Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fnanna_online%2F
desc:	Warm,fuzzyadviceandcomputertips.

title:	Pickled Pauline's Problems Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-personals.info%2F
desc:	Warpedadvicefromaninebriatedagonyaunt.

title:	RevengeLady.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Frevengelady.com%2F
desc:	Humorousrelationshipadvice,consumerinformation,andcelebrityrevenge.

title:	True Meaning of Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftruemeaningoflife.com%2F
desc:	Advicefromvideogameandpopcultureicons.

title:	Wise Babe Advice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAdvice&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwisebabe.com%2F
desc:	Socialcommentaryandhumorousadvicethatfocusesonfashion.Submityoursocialquestions.

title:	Cracked Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMagazines_and_E-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cracked.com%2F
desc:	Previews,excerptsandinteractivecontentfromCrackedMagazine.

title:	The Funny Times 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMagazines_and_E-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnytimes.com%2F
desc:	Monthlyliberalhumorreviewfeaturescomicsandcolumns.

title:	Mad Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMagazines_and_E-zines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madmagazine.com%2F
desc:	Officialsiteofthiswell-known,long-runningsatiricalmagazine.

title:	The Adventures of Goose 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgooseadventures.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Followthiscementgooseonhisspecialtrips.

title:	The Adventures of Happy Hamster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.happyhamster.com%2F
desc:	Comicstripadventuresaboutahappylittlerodent.

title:	Adventures of Mr.  Wombat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftravelindependent.info%2Fwombat%2F
desc:	Holidayphotosfromthistoymarsupial'stripsaroundtheworld.

title:	Alyce The Sheep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fsuper2%2Fsympatheticsheep%2F
desc:	Anonlinesoapoperastarringastuffedsheep.Withstories,photosandlinks.

title:	Animal Advice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greaterthings.com%2FArt%2FAnimalAdvice%2F
desc:	Imagesofhumorousanimalanticswithstatementsofencouragementandwisdomforeverydaylife.

title:	The Black Pussy's Cafe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fca4%2Fspooktacular%2Findex.html
desc:	Feline,ChristmasandHalloweenhumor.

title:	Fat Ginger Mice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fatgingermice.20m.com%2F
desc:	Thenewmenace.Protectyourfamily,friendsandyourself.

title:	Funny Pet Pictures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnypetpictures.com%2F
desc:	Humorousanimalpictures,sortedbytypewithvisitorcomments.

title:	Funny Video Clips of Cats and Kittens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkittyclips.ms11.net%2F
desc:	Acollectionofvideoclipsfeaturingamusingcatbehavior.

title:	Hamster for President 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamsterforpresident.com%2F
desc:	CampaigntovoteHamsterinthe2004Presidentialelections.

title:	Harold Reynolds' Humour Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.badpets.net%2Findex.html
desc:	HomeoftheBadKittyandBadDoglists,andotherpethumor.

title:	Marry Your Pet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marryyourpet.com%2F
desc:	Specialistsincateringforthosewhowouldliketodemonstratealong-termcommitmenttotheirpet.

title:	Mr. Hamster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fclone%2Fmice1%2F
desc:	FunnyPageforallhamsterlovers.Photos,stories,links.

title:	Puppy Piercing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.puppypiercing.0catch.com%2F
desc:	Getyourpuppypierced.You'llthinkitisforreal.Withwackyphotos.

title:	Rocky the Mustang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rockythemustang.com%2F
desc:	IncludesthelifestoryofRocky,awildmustang,withpictures,agoofygiftshop,music,humorousreferences,andhisresume.

title:	Save The Roof Rats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roofrats.org%2F
desc:	Themysteriousworldofloftyrodents.

title:	Why Did The Chicken Cross The Road? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whydidthechickencrosstheroad.com%2F
desc:	Answerstotheageoldquestion,plusgames,funnysounds,andthechickendance.

title:	Zoological Zanifest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAnimals&url=http%3A%2F%2Fburcher.stuart.tripod.com%2Findex-17.html
desc:	AnimalComedyfollowingtheadventuresofTimmytheseal,Ladythedog,Desthedik-dikandRaytherhino.

title:	The Cynic's Sanctuary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.i-cynic.com%2F
desc:	Onlinerefugefortheworld'sdisgruntledidealists.IncludesCynicHallofFame,dark-humoredtirades,cynicaldefinitions,androomforyourownrants.

title:	The Socrates Argument Clinic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mindspring.com%2F%7Emfpatton%2Fsclinic.htm
desc:	ArguewiththegreatphilosopherinthestyleoftheMontyPythonsketch.

title:	Brain in a Vat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mindspring.com%2F%7Emfpatton%2FTissues.htm
desc:	Canbadmenmakegoodbrainsdobadthings?

title:	Dear Philosopher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.h2so4.net%2Fphilosopher%2F
desc:	Greatphilosophersofferadvicetotroubledreaders.

title:	Department of Philosophistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flashq.org%2F
desc:	ParodiesofWittgenstein(TractatusFuselagico-Umbilicus,PhilosophicalTribulations)andHeidegger;someseriousarticlesandbookreviewsonWittgenstein.

title:	Everything Else 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.ox.ac.uk%2F%7Eworc0337%2Fother_index.html%23humour
desc:	Eclecticcollectionofseriousandhumorousacademicdisciplines,includingstudentphilosophicalhowlers.

title:	Fish on a Bike 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fishonabike.com%2F
desc:	Everythingyoueverwantedtoknowaboutfishonbikesandhowtheyhaveenrichedourlives.

title:	Gardon of Eadon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eadon.com%2F
desc:	Philosophicalcartoonsandrants,moviereviews,theFengShuiHippo,andotherfunstuffservedwithadashofdarkhumour.

title:	Meaning of Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bek-bek.com%2F
desc:	Randomlygeneratedquotationandimagecombinationswiththeintentofproducinga"quickanddirty"philosophy.

title:	Peter's World Domination Quest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fil2%2Fworldomination%2F
desc:	Aworlddominationorganizationdedicatedtotheoverthrowofallcurrentworldgovernmentsandtheestablishmentofatotalitarian,Trotskyist,extremelybureaucraticnewworldgovernmentthroughpoliticalworlddomination.

title:	Philosophical Clerihews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fconsc.net%2Fmisc%2Fclerihews.html
desc:	ByDeanZimmerman.

title:	Philosophical Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fconsc.net%2Fphil-humor.html
desc:	LinkstoarticlescollectedbyDavidChalmers.

title:	Random Thoughts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psyops.net%2F
desc:	Thispagedisplaysarandomthoughtthatsomebodyelsehasenteredintoourthoughtdatabase.Keeprefreshingyourpagetoseeanewthought.

title:	What's the meaning of life? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeorgina.morris.tripod.com%2Fajc
desc:	Theultimatequestionbutwhatistheanswer?Postyoursolutionhere.

title:	Who Wants to be a Philosopher? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftommymackay.tripod.com%2Fgrid1.html
desc:	Humorousquizgamemodelledafter"WhoWantstoBeaMillionaire."AlsoincludesThePhilosophyGenerator.

title:	Are You A Freak? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.outofservice.com%2Ffreak%2F
desc:	Findouthowuniqueyoufeelyouneedtobewiththisonlinequiz.

title:	Cartoon Magic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonmagic.com%2F
desc:	VisitorscancreatepersonalisedinteractiveFlashcartoonsbyuploadingphotographsoffriends,famouspeopleorfamily.

title:	Dress-Up Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dressupgames.com%2F
desc:	Dressupcelebrities,nerds,andhistoricalfigures.Alsoadress-upsiteforkids.

title:	Electric Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chienworks.com%2Felecpark%2F
desc:	Includesegglatin,electroniccardshop,chienworkschat,andtheersatzdictionary.

title:	eLouai's Smiley Creator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Felouai.com%2Fsmiley-creator%2Fsmiley-bits.php
desc:	Visitorscancreatetheirownsmileyfacesfromavarietyofexpressionsandaccessories.

title:	Find-the-Monkey 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnapoleon.xidus.net%2Ffindmonkey%2F
desc:	Anamusingwebdiversionwheretheuserisaskedtoselectthemonkeyfromamongseveralimagesgiven.

title:	Get Your Star at Hollywood Boulevard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.famousstar.de%2F%3Fname%3DOpen%2BDirectory
desc:	EnteryournameintheURLandseeaphotographofyourownstar.

title:	Interactive Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.klorg.com%2F
desc:	Humorandfunservedwithjokes,games,interactivepolls,andparodies.

title:	The Joe Cartoon Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joecartoon.com%2F
desc:	SitefeaturingavarietyofinteractiveFlashcartoons.

title:	Laughspot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laughspot.com%2F
desc:	Readjokes,sendfreepostcardstofriends,orplaymadlibsorotherinteractivegames.JokesupdatedDaily.

title:	Madness Test 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstrangebutuntrue.tripod.com%2Fmadness%2Fmain.htm
desc:	Aninteractivebutprobablyinaccuratewaytoseeifyouaremad,ornot.

title:	No. Go Away. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2FErmiton%2F
desc:	Visitorsmustansweraseriesoftaxingquestionstofindwhatliesbeyond.

title:	PhoneSpell 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phonespell.org%2F
desc:	Findwordsthelettersassociatedwithyourphonenumberspell.Pickavanityphonenumberbasedonavailableprefixes.

title:	Psychic Test 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bellaonline.com%2Fcode%2Fpsychic%2Findex.asp
desc:	Testoutyourpsychicabilities,andseehowwellyoudoonthepsychicquiz.

title:	Scott Pakin's Automatic Complaint Letter Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pakin.org%2Fcomplaint%2F
desc:	Automaticallygeneratehumorouscomplaintletters.Justtellitwhomtocomplainabout,andtheautomaticcomplaint-lettergeneratorwilldotherest.

title:	SnapBubbles.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.snapbubbles.com%2F
desc:	Virtualbubblewrap.

title:	The Spud.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thespud.com%2F
desc:	Twistedinteractivehumorcoveringeverythingfromdatingtopolitics.

title:	Switchback Fair 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.switchbackfair.co.uk%2F
desc:	Satiricalcommentandparodiessetinanenvironmentthatvisitorsnavigateasifitwereafairground.

title:	T-bone's Stress Relief Aquarium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boneland.com%2Ffish%2Ffish-v2%2Findex.html
desc:	Subjectadefenselessfishtoavarietyofhardshipsinthenameofstressrelief.

title:	Tell The Wizard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdilloawiz.powzone.com%2F
desc:	Gotarant?Leaveithere,andreadothers.

title:	Weebls Stuff 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weebls-stuff.com%2F
desc:	Offbeatandunusualgames,cartoons,artandcomment.

title:	WWWF Grudge Match 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grudge-match.com%2F
desc:	Fictionalsend-upspittingtwoculturaliconsfacingoffforsupremacy.

title:	Zefrank.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInteractive&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zefrank.com%2F
desc:	Avarietyofapplicationsandgamestoplaywith,plusotherassortedhumorandmultimedia.

title:	2Funny 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.2funny.net%2F
desc:	Twojokeseveryweekbyemail.

title:	The Daily Dose 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedailydose.com%2F
desc:	Cleanhumormailinglist,sentoutdaily.

title:	DizzyBoy's Joke Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dizzyboy.com%2Fnewsletters%2F
desc:	Aweeklynewsletterwithfunnyjokes,picturesandquotes.Alsofeaturesaarchiveofallnewsletterssent.

title:	EEEW.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eeew.net%2F
desc:	Dailyfunnypicturesdeliveredbyemail.

title:	Fun World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hehe.at%2Ffunworld%2F
desc:	Offeringtwojokesdailyviaemailandacategorizedjokesarchive.

title:	Funny Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Ffunny-jokes%2F
desc:	GeneraljokesdeliveredonceeverydaythroughaYahoogroup.

title:	Hella Funny 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fzine%2Fhellafunny%2F
desc:	Freedailyjokelist.Notalwaysclean,decent,orpoliticallycorrect.

title:	Joke A Whenever 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jokeawhenever.com%2F
desc:	Jokes,inspirationalthoughtsandriddles.Siteincludesanarchiveofmaterial.

title:	Joke Mail 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fjokemail%2F
desc:	Yahoo!Groupsmailinglistfeaturingmonthlycleanjokes.

title:	Joke of the Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wardell.org%2Fjotd%2Fjotd.htm
desc:	Abitmoreofanintellectualapproachandsqueakyclean,thekindofmaterialyoucouldtelltoyourmotherorgrandchildren.

title:	Mailing List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funs.co.uk%2Fmail.htm
desc:	JokesandhumorscopessentouteverySaturday.

title:	MissSpidey 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FMissSpidey%2F
desc:	Jokesandhumormailinglist.Yahoo!Groups.

title:	Monday Morning Mirth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmmm.grime.net%2F
desc:	Afreeweekly,mirthfule-maildeliveredtoyou.

title:	nScavenger.com - Cool and Funny Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nscavenger.com%2Fnewsletter.html
desc:	Amonthlynewsletterfeaturingcool,funnyandweirdsitesofthemonth.

title:	Pbbt.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMailing_Lists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbbt.com%2F
desc:	Jokes,funnystuff,andhumor.

title:	2Atoms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.2atoms.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Originalandclassicweirdcomedy,featuringpoliticalcomment,theworstoftheweb,spoofinterviewsandcommentonsports,currenteventsandcelebrities.

title:	Am I Wasted? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amiwasted.com%2F
desc:	Ratehowwastedvariouspeoplelook.Visitorscansubmittheirownphotographs.

title:	AskTheBrain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.askthebrain.com%2F
desc:	Computergeneratedencyclopaedia,givingrandomlycollecteddefinitionstowordsandconcepts.

title:	Avery Ant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Faveryant.com%2F
desc:	Astopmotionrantingantgiveshisopinions.RequiresFlash.

title:	Badass of the Week 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.badassoftheweek.com%2F
desc:	Commentaryandessaysonpointlessissues,moviereviews,andtheBadassoftheWeek.

title:	Belly Dancing Fun And Frolic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shira.net%2Ffunfrolic.htm
desc:	Jokes,cartoonsandanimations,sillypoemsandsongs,andothermayhemrelatedtobellydancing.

title:	Bog Goblin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boggoblin.co.uk%2F
desc:	Askquestions,pissonpeopleyouhate,andfindoutaboutthingsyou'dneverconsider.

title:	Bream 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsupergiantbream.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Randomhumor,bizarrestories,linksandsquid.

title:	Catalogue Of Ridiculous Records 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcorrweb.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Alistofridiculousworldrecords.

title:	ChickenMcNugget 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chickenmcnugget.com%2F
desc:	Highlightsweirdnews,strangeeventsandoddsites.

title:	Clownz.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clownz.com%2F
desc:	Theoriginalsiteforthosewhohaveanaversiontothegrease-paintedones.

title:	Demonical.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdemonical.com%2F
desc:	Visitorscantradesoulsonline.

title:	Derds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.derds.com%2F
desc:	Music,offroading,trucks,mullets,ducttape,winches,andanythingelseDerd.

title:	Duck Travels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ducktravels.com%2F
desc:	Arubberduckthathastravelledaroundtheworld.Readerscansubmitphotosoftheirducksonholiday.

title:	Duct Tape Guys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.octanecreative.com%2Fducttape%2Fnew_intro%2Findex.html
desc:	Humorandsatirefromwrappedandwarpedcharacters.

title:	Earl Vickers Museum of Conceptual Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofconceptualart.com%2F
desc:	FeaturingprojectssuchastheBibleinPigLatin,arandomself-abusesynonymgenerator,prankletters,andtheChurchoftheAlmightyDollar.

title:	Frozen Dead Guy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frozendeadguy.com%2F
desc:	Frozenindryicesince1993.Hereisthe"story"oftheCryonicsofGrandpaBredo.

title:	HogWild Comedy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hogwild.net%2F
desc:	Topicalandoffbeatjokes,picturesandrants.

title:	I-Mockery's Rom Hack Reviews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.i-mockery.com%2Fromhacks
desc:	Humorousreviewsthattakeanin-depthlookatsomeofthestrangestvideogamefromhacksevercreated.Includesbizarrescreenshots,animationsanddownloads.

title:	Institute of Official Cheer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lileks.com%2Finstitute%2Findex.html
desc:	Chipper,spiffy,feather-lightpost-moderncommentaryoncommercialculture.

title:	International Center for Bathroom Etiquette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icbe.org%2F
desc:	Bathroomdo'sanddon'ts.

title:	John Fanzine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnfanzine.com%2F
desc:	ContentsincludeTVWonder,SpecialReport:Missiles,ThinkPuff,andDisparateDan.Offerscartoons,satire,rants,andanarchive.

title:	Jolene's Trailer Park Haven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jolenestrailerpark.com%2F
desc:	Learnabouttrailerparkliving.

title:	The Lair of the Crab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rathergood.com%2F
desc:	TheGuruanswersallquestionsonanyissuewhatsoever.Includesshockwavegamesandlinks.

title:	Leon's Random Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leonatkinson.com%2Frandom
desc:	Thissitegeneratesbandnamesandsonglyricsrandomlyfromadatabaseofwords.

title:	LeRoy TeleVision 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leetv.tv%2F
desc:	AtripintheworldofLeRoyTeleVision.

title:	Mad Martian Museum of Modern Madness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madmartian.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtoeyeballs,brains,insects,Jell-O,Godzilla,andotheroddities.Includesgiftshopandonlineordering.

title:	Mall-aise 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.efn.org%2F%7Ehkrieger%2Fmall.htm
desc:	Offbeatlookatshoppingcentersandotherphotos.

title:	Mr. Smarty Pants Knows 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.austinchronicle.com%2Fmrpants%2F
desc:	SearchthroughMr.SmartyPants'vastbaseofknowledgeaboutaccordions,flan,Texas,andwashaterias.

title:	The New Site of the Weird 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weirdsite.co.uk%2F
desc:	Strangeisspokenhere.Weirdphotos,links,andmessageboards.

title:	The No Clown Zone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ihateclowns.com%2F
desc:	Awebsiteforpeoplewhoareafraidof,orjustplainhate,creepy,evilclowns.

title:	Off the Deep End 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stevedunham.50megs.com%2FOfftheDeepEnd.html
desc:	"OfftheDeepEnd,"humorcolumnsbySteveDunhamthathaveappearedinCommuterWeekly.

title:	The Official Outhouses of America Tour 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jldr.com%2Fohindex.shtml
desc:	TourofouthousesofAmerica.

title:	the Ofishul Pauly C Paiyje 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paulyc.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothelaziestmanalive.

title:	Oomphoophoo's House of Strangeosity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpuckerboy.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Ourmonkey-facedgoddessoflovetakesusonatourofsomecommonoddities.

title:	Perpetual Bubblewrap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.urban75.com%2FMag%2Fbubble.html
desc:	Thisstuffcomesrightbackassoonasyou'vepoppedit.

title:	Phoons from Around the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phoons.com%2F
desc:	Invitespeoplefromaroundtheworldsendinpicturesstandingononefootininterestingsettings.

title:	Pool Cleaners from Distant Planets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcfdp.com%2F
desc:	Aliensgivereviewsofpopculture,rants,opinions,andanswerstoquestions.

title:	Rancid Bob 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Francidbob.users3.50megs.com%2F
desc:	Astupid'zinewithstupidcontent.

title:	Real Ultimate Power: The Official Ninja Webpage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.realultimatepower.net%2F
desc:	Obsessive,widelyparodiedninja-relatedhumor

title:	Scampton Manor Veterinary Optician, The 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sevaj.dk%2F
desc:	Acuriouscollectionofabsurdart,ludicrouslanguagecourses,crazyconjecturesplusaweirdweeklypoem.

title:	Sensory Deprivation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsensorydeprivation.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Thethingsyourmothernevertoldyouabout-fromorgantradingtoScientologytofacialhairofthefuture.

title:	StatueMolesters.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.statuemolesters.com%2F
desc:	Photographsandcommentaryaboutpeopleinterferingwithstatuesinanobscenemanner.

title:	Themanwhofellasleep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themanwhofellasleep.com%2F
desc:	Animations,writings,talesoftheLondonUnderground,disturbingjournalsandbadgers.

title:	Vanity License Plates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chaos.umd.edu%2Fmisc%2Fplates.html
desc:	Listofvanityplatesfrompersonalobservations,people'ssubmissionsandalsofrompostingsintheusenetnewsgroup.

title:	Virtual Bubblewrap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtual-bubblewrap.com%2F
desc:	Allaboutthisversatilewrappingmaterial,theetiquetteofhowtouseit,plusvirtualbubblewraptopopagainsttheclock.

title:	Weird Crap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FBizarre&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theweirdcrap.com%2F
desc:	Strangediversions,originalstories,gamesandcomics.

title:	Chaplain, Hilary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhilarychaplain.com%2F
desc:	Professionalphysicalcomedienne,specializinginsoloperformance,comedyroutines,improvandtheater.Includesbiography,showdescriptionsandcriticalreviews.

title:	Corey, Irwin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irwincorey.org%2F
desc:	Officialsiteoffersbiography,reviewsandphotogallery.

title:	Goldberg, Ester 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.estergoldberg.com%2F
desc:	Jewishdragartisthostingavarietyofquiz-styleshows.Sitefeaturesupcomingevents,backgroundinformationandcontactdetails.

title:	Haines, Eric 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedyrocket.com%2F
desc:	Washingtonbasedstand-upcomedian,juggler,stiltwalkerandmusician.Showfeaturescomedysongsonbanjoandguitarforcorporateeventsandfestivals.

title:	Konig, Dave 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davekonig.com%2F
desc:	Providesbiography,news,contactinformation,archives,audioclipsandpastappearances.

title:	Mr. Zed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrzed.com%2F
desc:	Robotcomedianfromthefuture.Includeshistoryandinformationaboutcomedian,past,presentandfutureappearancesandvideoclips.

title:	Slaight, Brad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bradslaight.com%2F
desc:	ALosAngelesbasedcomedian,actorandwriter.Credits,reviews,biographyandvideoclips.

title:	Solo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wearesolo.com%2F
desc:	FamilyfriendlyentertainmentbyatwomanteamofLarryMossandJohnBarthelmes,basedinRochester,NY.Performancesinvolvelivemusicandcomedy.Includesavideoandprofilesoftheperformers.

title:	Van Straaten, J. Keith 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStage_and_Variety&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jkeith.net%2F
desc:	Live,non-televisedtalkshowinLosAngelesandgameshow"BeattheGeeks."Includesbiography,news,upcomingschedule,forumandcontactinformation.

title:	Alexander, Rich 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffloridacomedyhypnotist.com%2F
desc:	BasedinFlorida.Thesitecontainsinfoontheshowandbookingtheshow.

title:	Allen, Rick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Frickallenhypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Siteincludesprofile,showandserviceprofiles,newsandcontactinformation.

title:	Amoroso, Laura 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lauraamorosohypnosisshow.com%2F
desc:	Websiteincludesphotos,showvideoandevents.

title:	Andrews, Blake 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thehypnoguy.com%2F
desc:	BasedinLongview,Texas.Includesshowdescription,biography,mythsandcontactinformation.

title:	Aryel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hipnotista.com.ar%2F
desc:	Columbiabased,websiteincludesphotos,showvideoandevents

title:	Barnhart, Don 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.donbarnhart.com%2Fhypnotism.htm
desc:	Websitehasshowdetails,videoclips,showphotos,datesandproducts.

title:	Becker, Andrew 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andrewbecker.com%2F
desc:	Includesschedule,biography,showprofile,commonquestionsandcontactform.

title:	Blaine, Michael 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.michaelblaine.com%2F
desc:	BasednearPlattsburgh,NewYork.Includesphotos,backgroundandcontactinformation.

title:	Bruce James 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbrucejameshypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Includesshowtypesandservices

title:	Cerbone, John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnotistpro.com%2F
desc:	Stageshows,customerprograms,andleadershipdevelopment.

title:	Cole, Richard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thathypnotistguy.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinBelleville,Ontario.Websiteincludesbio,testimonialsandshowtypes.

title:	Cristiano 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funhypnosis.com%2F
desc:	Informationaboutshow,frequentlyaskedquestionsandcontactdetailsincluded.

title:	Dale K 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dalek.com%2F
desc:	EntertainerfromNewLenox,Illinois.Includesnews,showprofiles,clientlist,andvideoclips.

title:	Dare, Sami 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.samidarehypnotist.com%2F
desc:	FemaleperformerfromMinneapolis,Minnesota.Providesbiography,showdescriptionandcontactinformation.

title:	Daughters, John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johndaughters.com%2F
desc:	Includesbiography,photos,contactandbookinginformation.

title:	DeLuca, Tom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tomdeluca.com%2F
desc:	Includesprofile,showandserviceprofiles,newsandcontactinformation.

title:	DeVito, Joe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joedevitohypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Bostonbasedperformerprovidingschedule,bookinginformationandshowdescriptions.

title:	Doc Strange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.docstrange.co.uk%2F
desc:	LocatedintheUnitedKingdom.Containsshowprofile,reviews,photosandcontactinformation.

title:	Dr Z 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheamazingdrz.com%2F
desc:	Websitehasarticles,showschedulesandservicesoffered.BasedinLouisiana.

title:	England, Miles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnoshow.co.uk%2F
desc:	FromtheUnitedKingdom.Showprofile,contactformandbackgroundinformationincluded.

title:	Faith, Bob 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbobfaith.com%2F
desc:	Websiteincludesbio,showschedule,videosamplesandcontactinformation.

title:	Gerard V 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgerardv.com%2F
desc:	Backgroundandbookinginformation,photosandvideosfrompreviousshows.Technicalinformationonshowrequirements.

title:	Gianni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unknownhypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Performancedescription,images,movies,andupcomingperformances.

title:	Grise, Kevin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thehypnotist.com.au%2F
desc:	BasedinAustralia,includesshowdescription,biographyandbookinginformation.

title:	Harrizon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harrizon.co.uk%2F
desc:	Showcontent,FAQ,andblog.BasedinNorthWestEngland.

title:	Hemberger, Harold 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesleepster.com%2F
desc:	Includesbiography,photos,contactandbookinginformation.

title:	Hill, Dave 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldsgreatesthypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Performerincludesshowprofiles,seminars,testimonialsandcontactinformation.

title:	Imbus, Brian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brianimbus.com%2F
desc:	BasedinIL.Includesshows,promotoolsandcontactinformation.

title:	Incredible Boris 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedywood.com%2F
desc:	FromOntario,Canada.Includesbiography,contactinformation,scheduleandphotogallery.

title:	James, Chris 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.showinfo.co.uk%2F
desc:	Websiteincludesshowinformationandperformancetypes.

title:	James, Justin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thehypnosiscompany.com%2F
desc:	BasedinLasVegas,Nevada.Contactinformation,showdescriptions,informationandpictures.

title:	JayDee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaydeehypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Includesvideoblog,showdescriptions,andschedule.BasedinEdmonton,Alberta,Canada.

title:	Jim Spinnato 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjimspinnato.com%2F
desc:	PerformerlocatedinConnecticut.Biography,showprofiles,videosandphotos

title:	Johnson, CJ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cjjohnson.com%2F
desc:	Availableforcorporateandcollegeeventsnationwide.Includesvideofiles,biography,photos,scheduleandshowdescriptions.

title:	Jones, Barry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barryjones.com%2F
desc:	PerformerbasedinCalifornia.Biography,showprofileandcontactinformationincluded.

title:	Kalmon, Ricky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rickykalmon.com%2F
desc:	LosAngeles,Californiabasedperformer.Includesshowprofiles,videoclips,clientlist,biographyandbookinginformation.

title:	Kand, Erick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnosisevents.com%2F
desc:	Floridabasedentertainerforpublicandprivateevents.IncludesFAQs,photos,andinformationrequestform.

title:	Kellogg, James Jr. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazinghypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Websiteincludesbio,gallery,showsandevents.

title:	Knight, Devin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftopcomedyhypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Pennsylvaniabased,showtypesandtestimonials.

title:	Knight, Paul 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnotistpaulknight.com%2F
desc:	Containsshowinformation,photos,biographyandnews.

title:	LaRosa, Dan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdanlarosa.com%2F
desc:	Containsbiography,showprofile,reviewsandcontact.

title:	Laurie, Jack 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jacklaurie.com%2F
desc:	Entertainerandinstructorprovidingbiography,schedule,pastappearances,showdescriptionsandcontactinformation.

title:	Mamos, Pete 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petemamos.com%2F
desc:	EntertainerbasedinNorthEastUnitedStates.Providesshowdescription,schedule,biographyandcontactinformation.

title:	Mesmer, Robert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedyhypnosis.com%2F
desc:	PerformerbasedinVictoria,BC,Canada.Showdescription,clientlist,photogallery,biographyandbookinginformation.

title:	Michaels, Steve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnosisshows.com%2F
desc:	NewJerseybasedperformerprovidingshowdescription,reviewsandcontactinformation.

title:	Milligan, Chuck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chuckmilligan.com%2F
desc:	EntertainerlocatedinSantee,California.Includes,contactinformation,biographyandshowprofiles.

title:	Mr + Mrs Hypnotist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrandmrshypnotist.com%2F
desc:	Torontobasedhusbandandwifeact.Providesbiography,showdescription,photosandcontactinformation.

title:	Muir, Robert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dreamguardian.co.uk%2F
desc:	Ceredigion,WestWalesperformerdescribeshisuseofhypnosis.Featuresvideoclipsofshows.

title:	Mystic, Jason 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jasonmystic.com%2F
desc:	BasedinMinnesota.Includesbiography,showprofiles,newsandcontactinformation.

title:	Night, Adam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adamnight.co.uk%2F
desc:	LocatedintheUnitedKingdom.Includesnews,informationonhypnosis,showprofile,contactinformationandbiography.

title:	Oddo, Michael 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnoticstageshow.com%2F
desc:	Websiteincludesinformationonperformancesandshowtypes.

title:	Patrick, Jon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnotichumourshow.com%2F
desc:	Websiteincludesshowschedules,picturegalleryandbookinginformation

title:	Pattison, Rodney 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedyhypnosis.asia%2F
desc:	BasedinAustralia,providingshowprofiles,photosandcontactinformation.

title:	Powers, Peter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peterpowers.com%2F
desc:	Australianentertainerprovidingschedule,news,showdescriptionandcontactdetails.

title:	Proto, Paul 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnoproto.co.uk%2F
desc:	BasedintheUnitedKingdom.Includesbiography,venues,photosandcontactinformation.

title:	Laughing Tranny 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FTransgendered%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Ffm%2Ft%2F
desc:	Storiesthataresonotablyabsentfromtheinternet'stransgenderrepertoire.

title:	Transition Diary Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FTransgendered%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transsexual.org%2FToon.html
desc:	OccasionalcomicstripsdrawnbyatalentedMTF,rangingfromdespairingtohilarious.

title:	Regan, David 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnoticexperience.co.uk%2F
desc:	LocatedintheUK.Biography,showdescriptionandcontactinformationincluded.

title:	Robertson, Blair 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blairrobertson.com%2F
desc:	Includesshowoptions,bookinginformationandreferences.

title:	Routh, Josh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jrhypnosis.com%2F
desc:	PerformerbasedinSt.Louis,Missouri.Biography,showprofileandcontactinformationincluded.

title:	Royle, Jonathan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnotorious.com%2F
desc:	PerformerfromGreatBritain.Biography,showprofiles,pastshowsandcontactinformation.

title:	Sinclair, Barry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barrysinclair.com%2F
desc:	Dublinbasedentertainer.Includesbiographyandinformationaboutshowsandclinics.

title:	Smith, David Bryan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davidbryansmith.com%2F
desc:	Websiteincludesshowvideo'sandperformanceinformation.

title:	Spellmaster, Steven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stevenspellmaster.com.au%2F
desc:	BasedoutofAustralia,websitecontainsshowprofiles,merchandiseandcontactinformation.

title:	St James, Shane 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shanestjames.com.au%2F
desc:	Includesshowdescription,picturesandbookinginformation.

title:	Steele, Greg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedyhypnotist.com%2F
desc:	PerformerbasedinOhio.Includesshowdescriptions,videofiles,testimonialsandcontactinformation.

title:	Stewart, Ian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ianstewart.info%2F
desc:	LocatedinNovaScotia.Includesbackgroundandcontactinformation,pastappearancesandfrequentlyaskedquestions.

title:	Stuart Aston Ashing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstagehypnosisshow.co.uk%2F
desc:	Londonbased,websitehasvideoclipsandbookinginformation

title:	Stubbs, Ron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypnodude.com%2F
desc:	Washingtonstatebasedperformer.Includesshowdescriptions,schedule,bookingandcontactinformation.

title:	Szeles, James 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.szeles.com%2F
desc:	Biography,booking,contactandshowinformationincluded.

title:	Terrance B 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fterranceb.com%2F
desc:	Canadianbasedentertainer.Showdescriptions,schedule,downloadsandcontactinformationincluded.

title:	Tranz, Justin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.justintranz.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinLasVegas.OffersperformanceandTVshowschedules,reviews,resumeandbookinginformation.

title:	Troye 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiphypnotist.co.za%2F
desc:	BasedinSouthAfrica.Containsshowinformation,photosandbiography.

title:	Tyzen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tyzen.com%2F
desc:	LasVegasbasedperformer.Containsshowprofile,biography,F.A.Q.s,referencesandcontactinformation.

title:	Valley, Jerry and Tommy Vee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stagehypnosisseminar.com%2F
desc:	Includesbackgroundandcontactinformationandnews.

title:	West, Jeff 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hypshow.com%2F
desc:	PerformerfromCanada,providingbiography,showprofiles,andbookingandcontactinformation.

title:	Wronker, Steve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swfb.net%2F
desc:	Thissiteincludesvideos,photos,testimonialsandtypeofshows.

title:	Zing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FHypnotism%2FHypnotists&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zingproductions.com%2F
desc:	BasedinAlbuquerque,NewMexicoprovidesstandupandhypnotismshows.Includesbiographiesandcontactinformation.

title:	Al Fike 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FArts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alfike.com%2F
desc:	Comedian,speaker,andentertainer.

title:	Bob Smiley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FArts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bobsmiley.com%2F
desc:	Christiancomedian.Jokes,biography,andarticles.

title:	Chonda Pierce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FArts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chonda.org%2F
desc:	Comedian.Biography,andherlatestvideosandbooks.

title:	Chris Elrod Ministries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FArts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchriselrod.typepad.com%2F
desc:	Ahumoristandnationallyknownspeaker.

title:	Christian Comedian Peter Wolf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FArts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peterawolf.com%2F
desc:	ComedianwithtwoseminarydegreesandpartoftheCleanComedyMovement.Biography,photos,testimony,andbookinginformation.

title:	Christian Comedy Acts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FArts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christiancomedyacts.com%2F
desc:	Christiancomedyactslistedbystate,includingstand-upcomedians,speakers,magiciansandventriloquists.

title:	Balan, Michele 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comicbalan.com%2F
desc:	Featuringsoundbytes,schedule,biography,gallery,andtheAskMichelesection.

title:	Capurro, Scott 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottcapurro.com%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteofthisSanFranciscobasedgaycomedianwhoalsofrequentlyperformsintheUKandAustralia.Includesbiography,schedule,bookinformation,andsarcasm.

title:	Carr, Shann 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shanncarr.com%2F
desc:	Comedianandtheproduceroftheoriginal90'sversion,andthenewupcomingDocu-Comedy"OutForLaughs."

title:	Clinton, Kate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kateclinton.com%2F
desc:	Biography,schedule,andgalleryofthispoliticalhumorist,author,andmonologist.

title:	Doucette, Chris 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chrisdoucette.com%2F
desc:	GaycomedianandwriterbasedinNewYorkCity.

title:	101 Reasons Men Suck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJokes%2FMen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Ffl%2FbuttBOY%2F
desc:	Alistastowhymensuck.

title:	I Hate Men Dot Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJokes%2FMen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ihatemen.com%2F
desc:	Politicallyincorrecthumorbasedsiteforpeopleandotherstoventtheirangerandfrustrationtowardmen.

title:	GayCo Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gayco.com%2F
desc:	Includesschedule,reviews,gallery,andbookinginformationforthisChicagobasedgaysketchcomedytroupe.

title:	Gold, Heather 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.subvert.com%2F
desc:	Writings,videoclipsandperformanceschedule.

title:	Joanne Filan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upstreamcomedy.com%2F
desc:	Stand-upcomedianfromNJ.Thesiteincludesbio,pics,schedule,clips,newsletter,andupdates.

title:	Leonard, Nick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nickleonard.net%2F
desc:	ScheduleandcontactinformationforthisSanFranciscobasedstandupandimprovartist.

title:	Matthews, Sabrina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sabrinamatthews.com%2F
desc:	Includesschedule,gallery,andpressinformation.

title:	Ripley, Karen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karenripley.com%2F
desc:	Schedule,andresumeofthisSanFranciscobasedlesbiancomedian.

title:	Amusing Women Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJokes%2FWomen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bitoffun.com%2Fjokes.women.htm
desc:	Acollectionofjokesaboutwomenandotherhumorousanecdotes.

title:	FunniGurl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJokes%2FWomen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnigurl.com%2F
desc:	ReadandpostthelatestjokesmakingtheroundsontheInternet'smostpowerfuljokeforum.

title:	Stuart, Jason 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jasonstuart.com%2F
desc:	Schedule,pressandcontactinformation,gallery,links,andbiographyofthisopenlygayactorandcomic.

title:	Summerskill, Clare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.claresummerskill.co.uk%2F
desc:	Britishlesbiancomediennewhoperformsoriginalhumoroussongs.

title:	Where's Queer Bill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FComedy%2FComedians&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wheresqueerbill.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesGLBTIentertainmentfortheLouisianaarea,includingcomedy,drag,musicandspecialevents.

title:	Let's all raise 11 Pence for the Lesbian and Gay Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FRecreation%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2Fgroup.php%3Fgid%3D26189157414
desc:	MakesfunofexposedexpensesofaUKcharitygroup.

title:	The Six Beer Theory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FRecreation%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Funcoolcentral.com%2Fsix_beers%2F
desc:	What'sthedifferencebetweenagaymanandastraightman?A"scientific"experimentinvolvingtworandomstraightguysplusacoupleofsix-packs.

title:	Crazyflicks.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crazyflicks.com%2F
desc:	Shortcomedyclipscontainingaudioandvisualelements.

title:	Delta Park Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deltaparkproject.com%2F
desc:	Aweeklypodcastwithcomedyclips,popculturereviews,thesmalltownpoliceblotterandfunnysongs.HostedbymarriedduoJasonandAnna.

title:	Electronic Sickness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftriggur.org%2Fsick%2F
desc:	Twistedanimationsincludingdogandcatscatvignette.

title:	Fugly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fugly.com%2F
desc:	Videosinmpg,soundsinmp3,jokesandimages.

title:	Irishtoothache.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishtoothache.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionoforiginalsongs,movies,andcartoons.

title:	Kirby Ferguson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=https%3A%2F%2Fvimeo.com%2Fkirbyferguson
desc:	Comedyshorts,videoblogs,musicvideos,andmockmentaries.

title:	Loading Ready Run 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loadingreadyrun.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofshortandamusingvideosonavarietyofsubjects.

title:	The Lonely Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelonelyisland.com%2F
desc:	Agroupofaspiringfilmmakersfunnyhomevideos.

title:	Mandatory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mandatory.com%2F
desc:	Viralvideos,stand-upcomedyandshortfilms.

title:	Mangy Dog Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mangydog.com%2F
desc:	ThepunchlinetothedeclineofWesternCivilization.Sketchcomedyvideosandregularcolumns.

title:	Metacafe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metacafe.com%2F
desc:	Promisestoservetheworld'sbestvideos.Offersincentivesforusergeneratedcontent.

title:	MP3Gags 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmp3gags.com%2F
desc:	RealAudiostreamsandmp3sofprofessionalcomedians.

title:	Access Place: Fun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accessplace.com%2Ffun.htm
desc:	Linkstojokes,cartoons,sounds,andassortedfunsites.

title:	B3TA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.b3ta.com%2F
desc:	Humorouspictures,articles,bizarreanimations,weblogsandaweeklynewsletterofselectedlinks.

title:	Boredom Busters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boredom-busters.com%2F
desc:	Categorisedlinkstovariedsitesofinterest.

title:	Brain Damage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbraindamager.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Anarchiveoflinkstohumorous,bizarre,andalternativeWebpages.

title:	Fun Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funlinks.com%2F
desc:	User-submittedandratedsitesinavarietyofcategories.

title:	Heartless Bitches International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FWomen%2FFeminism%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heartlessbitches.com%2F
desc:	Witandsatirearetheweaponsofchoicetoattackgenderstereotyping,societaldouble-standards,andavoidanceofpersonalresponsibility.

title:	The Wet Noodles of Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FWomen%2FFeminism%2FHumor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Eparageusia%2F
desc:	Afeministcartooninspiredbythedailybigotriesandinjusticesoftheworld.

title:	The Mr. Bonko Show 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrbonko.com%2F
desc:	Featuresoriginal2003webseriesepisodes.

title:	Rowby Comedies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rowbycomedies.com%2F
desc:	StreamingmediacomedyadventuresfeaturingRowbyandTheGreenThing.SpecialGuestStar:TheEvilDucky.

title:	Secret Pants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.secretpants.net%2F
desc:	Freesketchesandop-edfromthecomedytroupe.

title:	Sheepfilms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsheepfilms.co.uk%2F
desc:	Pictureandanimationgallery,coveringvisualandsheep-relatedhumor.

title:	Those Guys Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftg.elektrolab.com%2F
desc:	Video,Animation,andMusicComedybyThoseGuys

title:	Video Free Somethingrather 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FAudio_and_Video_Clips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdominionofawesome.com%2Fvfs%2F
desc:	AnoriginaldistributedsketchcomedyshowcreatedbyagroupofboredpeoplefromacrosstheInternet.

title:	Humor 100 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humor100.com%2F
desc:	Tophumorsitesonthewebrankedbyvisitorvotes,includingasearchfeature.

title:	Humor Search 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humorsearch.com%2F
desc:	Searchthewebforhumorouscontent.

title:	Humor Source 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humorsource.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofhumorsiteswithcategorieslikejokes,comics,weirdnews,funnylists,andotherfunstuff.

title:	Humour Links Comedy Sites Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humorlinks.com%2F
desc:	Largesearchabledatabaseofhumorsitessplitintoappropriatecategories,andratedbyusers.Alsofeaturestoolsforwebmasterstointegratethedirectoryintotheirownsites.

title:	I Am Bored.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.i-am-bored.com%2F
desc:	Collectedlinkstoaidwiththebattleagainstboredom.Visitorscanratesitesforquality.

title:	In4mador 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.in4mador.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionoflinkstohumorous,unusualandinterestingsites.

title:	Maqq.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maqq.com%2F
desc:	Linkstofunny,bizarreorinterestingsites.

title:	Ratbags: Quintessence of the Loon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ratbags.com%2Floon%2F
desc:	Listsandcommentsonwebsitesthatarebizarreorjustplainstupid.

title:	Send Coffee's Sweet Roasted Entertainment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sendcoffee.com%2Fsweet.html
desc:	Acollectionofsomeofthefunniest,weirdestsitesontheInternet.

title:	What The Heck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whattheheck.com%2F
desc:	Strange,bizarreorjustplainfrighteninghumorsiteslistedandreviewedalmostdaily.

title:	Captain Knockers and the Islamic Goat Herders of Death 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical%2FComedy_Groups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fweird%2Fknockers%2F
desc:	Containsmusic,thestory,thegoats,andgenitalherpes.

title:	Grandpa Griffith 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical%2FComedy_Groups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grandpagriffith.com%2F
desc:	Comedyband.Featuresnews,downloadsandalbuminformation.

title:	Hanky Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical%2FComedy_Groups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hankypark.co.uk%2F
desc:	British-basedcomicfolkduofromSalford.FeaturesdetailsandbackgroundinformationontheirmusicwithMP3samples.

title:	THC The Band 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FMusical%2FComedy_Groups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthcweed.tripod.com%2F
desc:	THCisoneofthemostruthlessundergroundbandsoutthere.Withthereoffenisveyetfunnylyrics,andphatbeatstheymakeahellofaband.

title:	Ad-Libs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ad-libs.com%2F
desc:	Dallastroupewithweeklyshowsandnationaltours.Pictureswithfans,bookingdetailsandgrouphistory.

title:	Amnesia Wars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amnesiawars.com%2F
desc:	NewYorkCitygroupdedicatedtostretchingthepossibilitiesoflong-formimprovinsuchshowsas"Psycheroticproviholicyesandsomethingvoodoo."

title:	Atomic Improv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atomicimprov.com%2F
desc:	Edmontontwo-mantroupeincludesshowandbookinginfo,plussomenudity.

title:	Bad Dog Theatre Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baddogtheatre.com%2F
desc:	Torontobasedtroupe,includescontactinformation,schedule,workshopsandcastprofiles.

title:	Bare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fuzzyco.com%2Fbare%2F
desc:	Chicagotwo-manlong-formimprovgroup.

title:	Barren Mind Improv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asucomedy.com%2F
desc:	ArizonaStateUniversityimprovgroupfeaturingmembersoftheFarceSidesketchcomedygroupthatperformsalatenightshoweveryThursdaynight.

title:	Blacktop Circus Improv Troupe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ijmc.com%2Fblacktop
desc:	AtlantaAfrican-AmericantroupethatperformseveryTuesdayattheUptownComedyCorner.

title:	Blue Blanket Improv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blueblanketimprov.com%2F
desc:	SanFranciscotroupethatperformsfreeshowsinvariousoutdoorlocationsthroughoutthecity.

title:	Boom Chicago 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boomchicago.nl%2F
desc:	Amsterdamimprovisationaltroupeoffersattheirsiteshowschedules,videoclips,informationonclasses,andamenufromtheirrestaurant.

title:	Bovine Metropolis Theater 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bovinemetropolis.com%2F
desc:	Denvercomedytheaterthathosts"ImprovHootenanny"and"OntheSpot."Theyalsoofferadultandteenimprovworkshops,andperformanceopportunitiesforhighschoolandcollegetroupes.

title:	The Brody Theater 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brodytheater.com%2F
desc:	Portland,OR,theaterthathousesthelong-formshowDoublePlayandhostsareagroups.

title:	Canadian Improv Showcase 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canadianimprovshowcase.com%2F
desc:	Ontarioimprovgroupwithcoolhockeyjerseysfeaturesvideoclips,historyandcastbiographies,andscheduleandbookinginformation.

title:	Chicago City Limits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chicagocitylimits.com%2F
desc:	NewYorkCityimprovcomedytroupe.Offeringticketandpressinformation,cast,newsandevents.Includesentertainmentandtrainingprograms.

title:	Chicago Improv Anarchy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chicagoimprovanarchy.com%2F
desc:	Chicago-basedimprovcomedytroupe.Theyknowwhereyourmomlives.

title:	The Comedy Clinic - Tulsa's Comedy Troupe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fthecomedyclinic
desc:	Tulsa,OKtroupeperformsshortformimprovandoriginalsketchcomedy.Sitecontainsshowandticketinformation.

title:	The Comedy Store Players 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedystoreplayers.com%2F
desc:	LegendaryBritishcompanythatlaidthegroundworkfor"WhoseLineIsItAnyway?"andlaunchedthecareersofJosieLawrenceandPaulMerton.

title:	ComedyWorx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedyworx.com%2F
desc:	Raleigh,NC,showwherearefereemediatestwoteamsofcomedianswhoarecompetingforthebiggestlaughsbyperformingscenesbasedonaudiencesuggestions.

title:	Creative Urges 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativeurges.com%2F
desc:	SanDiegobasedtroupe.Includesperformanceschedule,photoalbum,andworkshops.

title:	Eight is Never Enough 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eightimprov.biz%2F
desc:	TroupefromNewYorkCity.Includesshowdescriptions,cast,pictures,bookingandcontactinformation.

title:	English Lovers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.english-lovers.com%2F
desc:	Vienna-basedimprovgroupwithaninternationalcastcladinblack.

title:	Full Frontal Nudity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.horsecoproductions.com%2Fffn2%2Fffn%2F
desc:	TroupefromColumbusOhioprovidingcastbackgrounds,upcomingevents,history,classes,picturesandcontactinformation.

title:	The Groundlings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.groundlings.com%2F
desc:	LegendaryLosAngelesimprovcompanythatlaunchedthecareersofsuchperformersasPhilHartman,LisaKudrow,JonLovitz,andEdieMcClurg.

title:	The Immediate Gratification Players 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hcs.harvard.edu%2F%7Eigp%2F
desc:	HarvardUniversity'sresidentimprovgroupdoesvariousdifferentshowsduringtheschoolyear.

title:	The Improbable Improvisational Ensemble 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mikemaginot.com%2Fimprov.htm
desc:	GrassValley,CA,troupethatperformsregularlyattheHolbrookeHotel.

title:	The Improv Bandits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.improvbandits.co.nz%2F
desc:	Auckland,NewZealand,companythatperformsoriginalshowsandKeithJohnstoneformatsbothathomeandabroad.

title:	Improv Shmimprov 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.improvshmimprov.com%2F
desc:	OrangeCounty,CA,basedshortformimprovisationtroupe.Sitecontainscastbios,showinformationandphotos.

title:	Impulse Theater 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.impulsetheater.com%2F
desc:	Denver'slong-runningimprovshow.

title:	Jet City Improv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jetcityimprov.org%2F
desc:	Seattleshort-formimprovtroupeoffersall-agesshowsandclasses.Sitecontainsschedule,playerbios,reviewsandticketinformation.

title:	Just The Funny 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.justthefunny.com%2F
desc:	Miami,Floridacompanyfeaturingimprovisationsbasedonaudiencesuggestions.Showdetails,castbiographiesandcontactinformationincluded.

title:	KC Improv Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkansascitycomedy.com%2F
desc:	KansasCitygroupwithanall-agesshow.Sitecontainsupcomingshowdatesandcontactinformation.

title:	Kitsch In Sync 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkitschinsync.org%2F
desc:	Boston,MA,shortformimprovtroupe.Sitecontainsshow,historyandauditioninformation.

title:	Laughing Matters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laughingmatters.com%2F
desc:	Atlantaimprovtroupedoespublicperformancesandprivatebookingsandworkshopsusingsuchformatsasmurdermysteriesandgameshowstoteam-buildandfostercreativity.

title:	The Liquid Radio Players 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liquidradioplayers.com%2F
desc:	LosAngelesensemblethatperformsanimprovshowwithanold-timeradiotheme.

title:	Melodramix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmelodramix.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Alberta,Canada,improvtroupeliststheirscheduleandinformationaboutauditioning.

title:	Mission Improbable 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missimp.co.uk%2F
desc:	Nottinghamgroupperformsshort-formimprovatvariouspublicandcorporatevenues.

title:	Mixed Signals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmixedsignals.weebly.com%2F
desc:	CollegeofNewJersey-basedensemblethatperformsshowsbothon-andoff-campus.

title:	Mod 27 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mod27.com%2F
desc:	BasedinPalmBeachCounty,Florida.Includesshowdetails,castbackgrounds,historyandcontactinformation.

title:	National Comedy Theatre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalcomedy.com%2F
desc:	SanDiegocompanythatspecializesinimprovgames.

title:	The National Comedy Theatre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nctphoenix.com%2F
desc:	ImprovcomedycompetitionandshowsinMesa,Arizona.Providesperformanceinformationaswellasimprovworkshops.

title:	National Comedy Theatre - New York 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.manhattancomedy.com%2F
desc:	NationallyacclaimedimprovcomedygroupbasedinNewYorkCity.Clean,corporateentertainment,weeklyperformances,teambuilding,collegeshowsandimprovworkshops.

title:	The New Wave Of Comedians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fstars2%2Fnwoc%2F
desc:	Paramus,NJ,improvgameensemblecomprisedofhighschoolstudents.

title:	No Parking Players 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andrew.cmu.edu%2F%7Esns%2Fnpp%2F
desc:	BasedatCarnegieMellonUniversityinPennsylvania,USA.Includesmeetingschedule,photos,halloffame,andresources.

title:	North Beach Improv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northbeachimprov.com%2F
desc:	SanFrancisco-basedimprovensemble.

title:	Now This! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nowthisimprov.com%2F
desc:	MarylandensemblethatperformsinthegreaterWashingtonD.C.areadoeschildren-orientedshowsandcorporateeventsusingvariousdifferentformats,suchasmurdermysteries.

title:	OBT Laughing Stock 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theobt.org%2F
desc:	SaltLakeCity'slong-runningimprovcomedyshowthatchallengesyoutoavoidwhackingRuss.

title:	Pan Theater Oakland Improv Theater Troupe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pantheater.com%2F
desc:	Oakland,CAimprovtroupeofferingshowsandclassesfortheBayArea.

title:	Quipfire! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fquipfireimprov.com%2F
desc:	PrincetonUniversityensemblebasedofftheFranciscantraditionofimprov.

title:	Clickhere.gr 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clickhere.gr%2F
desc:	Hundredsoffunnyvideos,photos,jokes,andoriginalwallpapers.

title:	General Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.generalcomics.com%2F
desc:	Archiveofselectedfunnycartoons.CoversawidevarietyoftopicsfromBirthtoDeath.

title:	Joke Overflow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jokeoverflow.com%2F
desc:	Humourarchiveconsistingoffunnytexts,picturesandvideos.Randomfunthoughtsaresuggested.

title:	LaughNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laughnet.net%2F
desc:	Humorarchivearrangedbycategory.Since1999.

title:	Raleigh's Village Idiots 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idiots.net%2F
desc:	Raleigh,NC,ensemblethathasregularperformanceonFridaynights.

title:	Rare Bird Show 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmattandimprov.com%2Frare-bird-show%2F
desc:	Philadelphialongformgroup.Includesbios,photos,shows,andreviews.

title:	The Really Spontaneous Theatre Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.appliedsilliness.com%2Frstc%2Freally_co.html
desc:	Burbankensemblethatspecializesinimprovisedone-actplays.

title:	SAK Comedy Lab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.sakcomedylab.com%2F
desc:	Orlando'slong-runningcompanythatdoesshort-formimprov,aswellasstudentshows.Theyalsodo"SliceofLife,"inwhichyoucanarrangetohavesomeone'slifebereenactedonstageduringashow.

title:	Scared Scriptless 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sarfend.co.uk%2Fscaredscriptless%2F
desc:	Southend-on-Sea,Essex,ensemblegroupinsearchofanewperformancespace.Theyperformshortform-orientedshowswithprops.

title:	Scared Scriptless Improv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scaredscriptless.com%2F
desc:	Anchoragetroupefeaturesaperformanceschedulaandinfoaboutcurrentandformerensemblemembers.

title:	The Lulz Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Flulz.xerq.net%2F
desc:	Collectionsoffunnyimagesandanimatedgifs.Publishedmonthly.

title:	No Apologies press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.noapologiespress.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesthecomicsandoriginalsatireincludingFutureRetard,CrazyAsianDrinks,andDwarfLover.

title:	PasteEaters.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pasteeaters.net%2F
desc:	Acollectionofjokes,funnypicturesandcartoonsandcaptionedphotos.

title:	Pluh.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pluh.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtocreatingdumb,originalcontent.Includingvideos,songs,comics,reviews,andarticles.

title:	Rubber Chicken for the Soul 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rubberchickenforthesoul.com%2F
desc:	Featuressevendepartmentsofhumor.Acombinationoffunny,interestingandsmart.

title:	Say No to Crack 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saynotocrack.com%2F
desc:	Featuresfunnypictures,videos,andjokesfortheadolescentinallofus.

title:	Sirens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sirensimprov.com%2F
desc:	Chicagoall-femaletroupewhoseshow"ChickenScratch"useseachperformersownmonologuesasstartingpointsforimprovisedscenes.

title:	Slow... Children at Play 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slowchildrenimprov.com%2F
desc:	LosAngelesgroupwithacuteWebsite.Theyspecializeinshort-formimprov.

title:	Sprout 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zad.strayduck.com%2F
desc:	Londonensemblethatoffersshort-formandnarrativeshows,aswellasimprovworkshops.

title:	SPROUT ideas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sproutideas.co.uk%2F
desc:	Londonbasedimprovisers.Experiencedteachers,directorsandperformers.Sitecontainsperformanceschedule,businessservices,andinformationaboutclassesoffered.

title:	Stevie Ray's Improv Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stevierays.org%2F
desc:	Providingcabaret,instructionandcorporateservices,baseinMinneapolis,Minnesota.Schedule,servicesandcontactinformationincluded.

title:	The Tenderloins Improv Troupe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thetenderloins.com%2F
desc:	NewYorkCity-based,DelClose-trainedlong-formimprovtroupethatperformstheHaroldandtheArmandoDiaz.Promotionalfilm,andclipsfromtheirmovies.

title:	Theatre on the Edge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tote.ca%2F
desc:	Waterloo,ON,troupethatperformsweeklyandoffersclasses.TheyalsohavevideoclipswitheyetowardsdoingaWebcastoftheirshows.

title:	Silly Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sillyhumor.com%2F
desc:	Jokes,pictures,ecardsanddancingpages.

title:	StrangeCosmos.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strangecosmos.com%2F
desc:	Offersanassortmentofpeople,animals,vehicles,andpoliticalparodies.

title:	Tarfumes.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tarfumes.com%2F
desc:	CollectionofmovieandTVdrinkinggamesandotherhumor,includingfunnysigns.

title:	Weirdity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weirdity.com%2F
desc:	Collectionoftalltales,jokes,andstorieswithspecialareasforgenies,lightbulbs,andMurphy'sLaws.

title:	Wil3.typepad.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwil3.typepad.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionoffunnypictures,videos,quotations,ravesandrants.

title:	Tilt:  Ann Arbor's Improv Comedy Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiltimprov.com%2F
desc:	AnnArbor,MI,shortformimprovtroupe.Sitecontainsshowandclassinfo,castbios,andpromotionalinformation.

title:	Too Many Larrys! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toomanylarrys.com%2F
desc:	SanFranciscoimprovtroupeperformsfreeshowseverySaturdaynight.

title:	Unscrewed Comedy Troupe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unscrewedcomedy.com%2F
desc:	BasedinTucson,Arizona.Pictures,castinformation,bookingandcontactdetails.

title:	We Brake For Nobody 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orgs.bucknell.edu%2Fwbfn%2F
desc:	Bucknellgrouphasvideoclips,schedules,andinfoaboutpastandpresentmembers.

title:	World Class Indifference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldclassindifference.com%2F
desc:	NewYork/Connecticutshort-formteamdoespublicperformancesandcorporateteambuildingevents.Castbiographies,andschedule.

title:	Yellow Man Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FImprovisational%2FGroups&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ne.jp%2Fasahi%2Ftokyo%2Fyellowman%2F
desc:	FormedinChicago,thisJapaneseensembleperformshigh-energyEnglish-languageshows.

title:	Comedy Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FTelevision%2FPrograms%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cc.com%2F
desc:	TheofficialsiteoftheComedyCentralcablestation.

title:	About.com: TV Comedy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FTelevision%2FPrograms%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftvcomedy.about.com%2F
desc:	Articles,discussionboards,anddirectoryofsitesrelatedtotelevisioncomedy.

title:	Kuklapolitan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FTelevision%2FPrograms%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkukla.tv%2F
desc:	DedicatedtotheworkofBurrTillstrom,witharticles,pictures,soundandvideoclipsoftheclassicKukla,FranandOllie,televisionpuppetshow.

title:	"Oh my God! There's an axe in my head." 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamara.com%2Faxe%2F
desc:	Howtosaythisphraseinvariouslanguages.

title:	Bovilexics.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bovilexics.com%2F
desc:	Humorousnewwordsandphrasescreatedtodefinevariousimportantandunimportantconcepts.

title:	A Collection of Word Oddities and Trivia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjeff560.tripod.com%2Fwords.html
desc:	Includesbookofwordrecords,palindromicwords,pangrams,mostbeautifulanduglywords,Scrabblewords,andBiblewordtrivia.

title:	The Collective Noun Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ojohaven.com%2Fcollectives%2F
desc:	Entertainingandannotatedlistingofcollectivenounssuchas'amurderofcrows'and'apomposityofprofessors'.

title:	Corsinet.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcorsinet.com%2F
desc:	Offerscollectionsofwordplay,insults,riddlesandjokes.

title:	Dave's Fun Words 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuark.edu%2F%7Edbruce%2Flist.html
desc:	Categorizedlistofwordswhicharefuntosay.

title:	Dislexicon Word Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.robobunny.com%2Fcgi-bin%2Fdislexicon%2Fdlc
desc:	ContainsDislexicon,whichgeneratesnewmade-upwordsanddefinitionsforthem.

title:	Divinest-Sense.com: Tom Swifties 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.without-feathers.com%2Fbits%2Ffun-and-games%2Freads%2Ftom-swifties.php
desc:	Definitionofthisstyleofplayonwords,acollectionoforiginalandpreviously-knownexamples,andlinkstoothercollections.

title:	Faulkner or Machine Translation? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Freverent.org%2Fsounds_like_faulkner.html
desc:	AquiztodeterminewhetherliterarypassagesaretheFaulkneroriginalsoronesmachine-translatedfromGermanintoEnglish.

title:	Fun With Words 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Frinkworks.com%2Fwords
desc:	Heteronyms,contronyms,eponyms,word/letterfrequenciesandothertrivia.

title:	Fun-with-words.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fun-with-words.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoodditiesoftheEnglishlanguageplusvarioustypesofwordplay.

title:	Funnyname.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnyname.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofamusing,interesting,strange,andoccasionallyrudenamesfromthephonebook.

title:	Gadzillion Things to Think About 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gadzillionthings.net%2F
desc:	10,000+rhetoricalquestions.Acceptssubmissions.

title:	LazrChet's Rhetorical Questions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.owt.com%2Flazrchet%2Fhumor%2Frhetoric.htm
desc:	Questionsdesignedtoopenone'smind,evenifnoanswerisexpected.

title:	Loquacious Lipograms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphrontistery.info%2Flipogram.html
desc:	Informationandlinksonlipograms,worksoffictionthatomitasingleletter.

title:	Lost in Translation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tashian.com%2Fmultibabel%2F
desc:	SeewhathappenswhenanEnglishphraseistranslatedbycomputerbackandforthbetween5differentlanguages.Confusionresults.

title:	Motamo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soft-creation.fr%2Flogic2uk.html
desc:	CreatedspecificallyforScrabbleplayers,adownloadableEnglishthesaurusanddictionaryforWindows.

title:	The Mother of All Excuses Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmadtbone.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Over900excusestonotgotoworkorschool,policeandaccidents,breakingdates,doctor,missingchurch,diet,andtaxes.

title:	Opundo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opundo.com%2F
desc:	Includeswordplayandoddities,mathematica,theologica,computica,scientifica,andotherhumour.

title:	Piece of Pi MadLibs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmadlibs.freeservers.com%2F
desc:	Sitefeaturingacollectionofmadlibs.

title:	Scorpio Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.tinyonline.co.uk%2Fgswithenbank%2F
desc:	Collectionofanagrams,pangrams,eponyms,heteronyms,contronyms,homophonesandmangledEnglish.

title:	Stink Pink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhighhopes.com%2Frhymetime.html
desc:	Questionshaveanswerswithtworhymingwords.

title:	Text Messages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.txt2nite.com%2Fsmiley.html
desc:	Acollectionofsymbolic"smiley"messages.

title:	Unscramble.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.unscramble.net%2F
desc:	Unscramble,find,rhymeordefinevariouswordsonline.

title:	Word Skit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wordskit.com%2F
desc:	Linguisticcontortions,weirdandwonderfulwords,plusquotations.

title:	The Word Spy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wordspy.com%2F
desc:	Explainsnewwordsandphraseswithnewentriesaddedregularly,plusarchivesofpreviousentries.

title:	Wordorium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FWordplay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wordorium.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Arepositoryofnewfangledwordswithmangledormeanderingmeaningscreatedbywordpeckers.

title:	Comedy Stands Up 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStand_Up&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedystandsup.pseudotube.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofstand-upcomedyvideosfromawiderangeofcomedians.

title:	Rooftop Comedy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FStand_Up&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rooftopcomedy.com%2F
desc:	Clipsofstandupcomediansandcomedyclubsfromaroundworld.

title:	Airline Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdalecooks.tripod.com%2Fairlinehumor%2F
desc:	Airlineemployeescanaddtheirhumorousordarkstorieshere.

title:	Angela Gillaspie's SouthernAngel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southernangel.com%2F
desc:	The"RedneckBombeck"takesyouallthroughtheinterestingfeatsofSouthernmotherhood.

title:	Angela's Humor Columns 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fzine%2Fhumorcolumns%2F
desc:	Humorousstoriesandcommentaryonavarietyofsubjects.

title:	Annoying Neighbors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.annoyingneighbors.com%2F
desc:	Readstoriesandpostyourownaboutbadexperienceswithneighbors.

title:	Anonymous Revenge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thepayback.com%2Frevengestories.html
desc:	Readthesestoriesofrevengesentinbyourreaders.

title:	Beryl the Gnome 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beryl-the-gnome.co.uk%2F
desc:	StoriesandgeneralhumorrelatedtoGnomes.

title:	Des and Mick Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.desandmick.co.uk%2F
desc:	Stories,pictures,humorandanintroductiontothebizarreworldofDesandMick.ByRobertWilliams.

title:	Don's Dizzy Dragon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dizzydragon.com%2F
desc:	Humormagazineoforiginalstories,satire,fables,andgames.Updatedweekly.Ajokeslibrary.

title:	Fairly Twisted Tales 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffairykween.tripod.com%2Ffairlytwistedtales%2F
desc:	Ashortcollectionofwell-knownfairytalesthathavebeenwarpedintoatwistedmess.

title:	Funny Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funs.co.uk%2Ffs%2Fmain.htm
desc:	50funnyandhumorousstoriesfromshortstoriestolongstories.

title:	The FunnyGuy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnyguy.com%2F
desc:	Lampoonslove,psychology,business,politics,andpositivethinking!

title:	I Used to Believe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iusedtobelieve.com%2F
desc:	Severalthousandexamplesoffunnyorbizarrechildhoodbeliefs,organisedbytopic.

title:	Imitation Pickles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imitationpickles.org%2F
desc:	Alife-changing,emotionallychargedcollectionofbizarretales,JavagamesandthingswrittenbyPhilipthemanHassey.

title:	The Magic Man 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeorgemcclure.net%2Fgiorgio%2FPhreakNation.html
desc:	CreativenonfictionwritingsbyGeorgeMcClure.

title:	Man 1, Bank 0 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.man1bank0.com%2F
desc:	Thestoryofamanwhodepositedajunkmailfakecheckfor$95,000.

title:	Matts House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fapes%2Fmattsite%2F
desc:	Read"TheCause"and"Jigoku-Sama'sRestrictedRomance."

title:	Mission Implausible 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missionimplausible.com%2F
desc:	FollowhumorwriterSuzanneSchlosbergassheattemptstocompensatefor33yearsofirrelevancebygoingonawildbingeofvolunteering.

title:	Mr. Misadventure Strikes Again 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativeideasforyou.com%2Fmrmisadv.html
desc:	Aworkinprogressaboutaparticularlyangryandunpleasantindividualwhoseeksvengeanceasheseesfit.

title:	Muddled Ones, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fandrewsquires.tripod.com%2F
desc:	HumorousstoriesandpoetrybyBobertFishboneandfriends.

title:	My Two Cents Worth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww3.sympatico.ca%2Ftg_argall%2F
desc:	Articles,reviews,commentariesandessayswithanirreverentviewoftheworld.

title:	newfunny.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewfunny.com%2F
desc:	Anarchiveoforiginalstoriessubmittedbyotherwiseundiscoveredcomedywriters.

title:	Pete TV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petetv.com%2F
desc:	Featuresthe"lost"Seinfeldepisode,theWeeklyPete,Barfly,andtheDearAbbyprank.

title:	Pfft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpfft.net%2F
desc:	Storiesthathavewhatpeoplefindannoying,bizarre,mundane,orjustplainridiculousinlife.Visitorscanalsosubmittheirownstories.

title:	Retail-Sucks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.retail-sucks.com%2F
desc:	Ahumorsitewherepeoplewhoworkinretailcanposttheiranecdotesabouttheirjobs,andcustomers.

title:	RLA's Joywagon Spectacular 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Frla.8m.com%2F
desc:	BothchaptersfromRLA'scommentaryonlife,andwritingsfromothervisitors.

title:	Rowena's Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsdy.org%2Frowena%2F
desc:	Acontinuingseriesofmostlyhumorousshortstoriesaboutayoungwoman'slife.

title:	Selected Works of Henry E. Panky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.henrypanky.com%2F
desc:	Featuresarticles,reviews,shortsandarchives.Includesauthorbiography.

title:	Stories To Brighten Your Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.happydaycards.org%2Fww%2Fstoriesindex.html
desc:	Animated,musicalhumorandwhimsicalstoriesandstorypoems,plusaholidaypageforeachmonth.

title:	The Tennessee Firefly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humorcolumnist.com%2F
desc:	Aweeklyhumorcolumn,jokes,archives,andcartoonsbySheilaMoss.

title:	Thats Embarrassing! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thatsembarrassing.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofstoriesfromwork,relationships,familyandschool.

title:	Three Students' Revenge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2F3students.i8.com%2F
desc:	Threecollegestudentsrelievestressbyholdingabook-burningattheendofthesemester.

title:	True Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.milk.com%2Ftrue-stories%2F
desc:	Manymoreshortstories.

title:	Unspeakably Stupid Stories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Funspeakablystupid.com%2F
desc:	Atwisted,immatureindividual'sadventures.

title:	The Vomitorium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fkd2001%2Fvommie%2F
desc:	Thisisaplaceforpeopleallovertheworldtosharetheirhumorousvomitstories.

title:	Written Humor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FStories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writtenhumor.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionoforiginalhumorouswritingorganizedbygenre.

title:	AIM Conversations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fapes%2Faimconvos%2Findex.html
desc:	RandomAOLInstantMessengerconversations.

title:	Ala Realm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fms%2Fbonne%2F
desc:	Acollectionoflinksleadingtovariouspranksandjokesites.

title:	The Center 2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thecenter2000.com%2F
desc:	Onlinepranksandfunnypictures.Alsoincludesawebring.

title:	Death By Laughter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fd20%2Fdeathbylaughter%2F
desc:	Funnyjokes,pictures,andquotes.

title:	The Farts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geocities.jp%2Ftakasusyachou%2Ffart2%2Findex2.html
desc:	Offersstories,techniques,andsoundfiles.Includesamessageboard.[English,Japanese]

title:	Find The Ginger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fultra%2Ffind_the_ginger%2F
desc:	Atestofthesixdegreesofseparationtheory.

title:	Funny Practical Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnypracticaljokes.com%2F
desc:	Gagstoamuseortormentfriends,familyandcoworkers.

title:	IQ Test For Free 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iqtestforfree.com%2F
desc:	Intelligencequiz,designedtobeemailedtoothers.

title:	MailFool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topfun.co.uk%2Fgonmadmail%2F
desc:	Sende-mailswhichappeartobefromsomeoneelse.Aresponsiblepranke-mailsystem.

title:	NervousRat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnervousrat.com%2F
desc:	Featuresprankcalls,funnyoriginalvideos,nastyhumorfordownloadandtobesentasgreetingcards.

title:	Prank Mail 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsharpmail.co.uk%2Ftest.html
desc:	Sendaprankemailtoyourfriends,fromtheemailaddressofyourchoice.

title:	PrankBot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prankbot.com%2F
desc:	Chooseaprank,enterdetailsaboutyourfriends,andPrankBotwillplayapracticaljokeonthem.

title:	PrankDial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prankdial.com%2F
desc:	Ideasforpranks,practicaljokes,andmischief.

title:	Prankified 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prankified.com%2F
desc:	Visitorscanshareanddiscusspranks,arrangeintocategoriesandratedforeffectiveness.

title:	Project Gaidaros 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fny5%2Fprojectgaidaros%2Findex.html
desc:	FollowcollegeboysthroughtheirquesttoprankNewYorkCity.

title:	Purity Trick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.puritytester.com%2Ftrick.asp
desc:	Sendapuritytesttoafriend,anddiscovertheiranswers.

title:	Rossford's Pranksters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fclone%2Fdumbjackass%2F
desc:	PranksexecutedbyteensinthetownofRossford.

title:	S.E.P Anonymous Email 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sharpmail.co.uk%2F
desc:	Containstheoptiontosendfakeemails,hoaxes,anonymousemails,andreceiverepliestoit.

title:	Wally's Wide World of Pranks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gwally.com%2Fpranks%2F
desc:	Alargecollectionofpranksforschool,office,home,dormoreverydaylife.Pranksaretestedforusability.Samplesanddirectionsareincluded.

title:	Who Dis? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPranks&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Frant%2Ffreak%2Fconvos.html
desc:	ReadprankconversationsoverAOLInstantMessenger.

title:	Cool Quotes Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coolquotescollection.com%2F
desc:	Quotesfrommoviesandpoetrytolawsandreligion.

title:	Creative Wit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcreativewit.com%2F
desc:	Alargenumberofquoteslistedbysubjectsandauthors.

title:	Dog Quotations to Celebrate any Occasion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dogquotations.com%2F
desc:	Humorousquotesaboutdogslistedindifferentdogrelatedthemesandcategories.

title:	Fortunes Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscv.bu.edu%2F%7Eaarondf%2Ffortunes.html
desc:	QuotesbyfamouspeoplesuchasMarkTwain,H.L.MenckenandAbrahamLincolnandothers.

title:	Funny Quotes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffunquotes.witticism.org%2F
desc:	Searchablearchiveofhumorousquotes.Alsoincludesatableofcontentssortedalphabeticallybylastname.

title:	Funny Sayings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freewebs.com%2Ffunnysayings%2F
desc:	Asmallcollectionoffunnyandthoughtfulsayings.

title:	Generation Terrorists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.generationterrorists.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofhumorousandseriousquotationsarrangedintocategories.

title:	Online Quotation Puzzles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allstarpuzzles.com%2Fquotes%2Findex.html
desc:	Thelettersofaquotewritteninacrossword-stylegridaretransposed;thesolverusesouruniqueQuotationPuzzleprogramtoreconstructtheoriginal.

title:	Quotations by Sam Ewing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.kleppnett.no%2Fewing%2F
desc:	IncludesmanypublishedquotesandarticlesfromveteranhumoristSamEwing.

title:	Quote Machine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insanityideas.com%2Fquotemachine%2F
desc:	Databaseofamusingquotes,featuringarandomquotegenerator.

title:	Quotes4all 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fquotes4all.net%2F
desc:	Ratedquotesandsayingsarrangedbycategory,subject,author,andrank.Includesfreehomepagetools,mailinglist,anddownloads.

title:	Sms Quotes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sms-quotes.com%2F
desc:	Quotesonvarioustopics,arrangedincategories.

title:	Things People Said 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rinkworks.com%2Fsaid%2F
desc:	Collectionoffunnyquotestakenfromreallifesituations.

title:	Witty Quotes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tk421.net%2Fquotes%2F
desc:	Smallcollectionofthought-provoking,humorous,andironicquotationsonseveralsubjects.

title:	Witty Quotes Haven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FQuotations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.witty-quotes.com%2F
desc:	Listofquotes,sayings,churchbulletinboards,andwordsofwisdominseveralcategories.

title:	The 'Stute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstute.freeservers.com%2F
desc:	Avirtualhangoutwhereabunchofpoetsplayawittygamewithwordsandillusion.

title:	Amazingly Bad Poetry Journal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Freallybadpoetry.livejournal.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofbadpoetryandhumorouscommentontopicalsubjects.

title:	badpoetry.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.badpoetry.net%2F
desc:	Featuresnewbadpoetrybysomeofthenation'sworstpoets.

title:	The Bare Foot Health Workers Union 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbfhwu.tripod.com%2Findex.html
desc:	Acollectionoforiginalpoemsandshortstoriesonpoliticalandtopicalsubjects.

title:	Brotherly House of Poems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fpoetry%2Ftotoro%2F
desc:	Poemsaboutpersonalrelationships,friendsandeverydaylife.

title:	Decent's Poetry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fpoetry%2Fdecent%2Findex.html
desc:	Latenightthoughts,preservedforposterity.

title:	Featured Poetry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdechar.tripod.com%2Ffunny%2F
desc:	Weeklyselectionofhumorousandinspirationalpoems.

title:	Funny Poetry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funnypoetry.com%2F
desc:	Lightpoetry,featuringElasGiordano'schapbook"LoveisAllBoxandNoCornflakes".

title:	It's Bullfrog! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itsbullfrog.com%2F
desc:	OriginalversebyUK-basedDaveAxtoncoveringsubjectsasdiverseaseuthanasia,stickinsectsandwashingcars.

title:	Make 'Em Laugh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmonologues.co.uk%2F
desc:	Collectedhumorouspoemsandmusicalmonologuesbyavarietyofwriters.

title:	Peculiar Poetry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peculiar-poetry.com%2F
desc:	Poemsforadolescentsandadultscoveringlove,lifeandtheuniverse.

title:	Spam Haiku Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmit.edu%2Fjync%2Fwww%2Fspam%2F
desc:	Haiku,limericks,andsonnetsdevotedtothelunchmeat.Linkstootherspamsites.

title:	A Walk in the Rain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FPoetry&url=http%3A%2F%2Frainygrey.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	HumorouspoemsabouteverydaylifeinIreland.

title:	Al Qaeda News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Falqaedanews.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Terroristsleepercellactivationpage.

title:	The BilgeBucket Gazette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bilgebucket.com%2F
desc:	Headline,archivesandadisclaimerthatpromisestoshovelitinthenameoffreespeech.Featureshumorattheexpenseofdeities,politicalparties,religionandhumansingeneral.

title:	Black People Love Us 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackpeopleloveus.com%2F
desc:	Afictionalwhitecoupleandtheirflubbedattemptstorelatetoblackpeople.

title:	Bob's Fridge Door 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bobsfridge.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesincludeSkewpoint,Stuff,NotforDummies,ParodySectionandAboutBob.Since1999.

title:	The Brushback 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thebrushback.com%2F
desc:	OnlinenewsmagazinecoveringtheUSAsportsscene.

title:	The Bureau of Missing Socks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funbureau.com%2F
desc:	Devotedtosolvingthemystery.Featuresexplanations,literatureandquestionnaire.

title:	Business Park Observer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbusinessparkobserver.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Keepinganeyeonabusinessparkacrossthestreet.OffersobservationsfromMaythroughSeptember2003.Thentheauthorhadtomove.

title:	Cheesegod.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cheesegod.com%2F
desc:	Makingfunofthestuffthatmakesupdailylife.Featuresfakenews,reviews,andCrudpantslinks.

title:	Comedy Avenue 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedyave.com%2F
desc:	Offersafeaturestory,archives,andtheHornyMen'sClubNovel.

title:	The Cool Guy Files 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coolguyfiles.com%2F
desc:	Explorescoolmalearchetypes,sayingsandlifestyles.

title:	Crazylanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crazylanka.com%2F
desc:	Culture,politics,historyandrailwayswithaSriLankantheme.

title:	The Culture Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cybermad.com%2F
desc:	Categoriesincludehighschoolcorrespondent,theguys,Dante'spitofadvice,webcamandtheHollywoodgeekmachine.

title:	The Cynical Web Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cynical.ws%2F
desc:	AsourcequotesandMurphyisms.Featuresadictionary.

title:	Denounce Newswire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.denounce.com%2F
desc:	Parodiesofcompanypressreleases.

title:	The Devil's Digital Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eod.com%2Fdevil%2F
desc:	Modernphrasesandbuzzwordsexplainedanddefined.

title:	DougRoberson.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dougroberson.com%2F
desc:	Containsshortstories,includingwildebeests,cornbreadstealingghostsandanalcoholicteddybearnamedFromageBoudreauxthathireshookers,stealscars/planes,andeatsrice.Thecontentisupdateddaily.

title:	The Dumbing Down of America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.protext.com%2FDUMBING%2Findex.html
desc:	EssaysandramblingsbyValPeterson.

title:	Duncan Expose 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxpnet.com%2F
desc:	Sectionsincludenews,opinions,andcolumnists.

title:	End Evil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.endevil.com%2F
desc:	Satiricalnews,politicalarticlesandquotes.Alsofeaturesmovieandgamereviews.

title:	The Enduring Vision 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.enduringvision.com%2F
desc:	Featuringsatiricalnewsstories,andhumorouspictures.Updatedweekly.

title:	Evil.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evil.com%2F
desc:	Commentaryoncelebrities,eventsandcurrentaffairs.

title:	Fal.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fal.net%2F
desc:	Featuresmisfortunecookies,101leastlists,andthegiantangryweblog.

title:	A Few Leftover Shorties 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zulfiqar.com%2Farticles.html
desc:	Featuresarticlesofhumor,parodies,andsatire.

title:	Fraudutek Industries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yip.org%2Ffraudutek%2F
desc:	Spoofcorporationpresentsgoalsandproducts.

title:	Get Odd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.getodd.com%2F
desc:	Bogusnewsfeaturingfunandgames,pranksandtricks,andstories.

title:	Halffull.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.halffull.org%2F
desc:	Offersuserarticles,dailythoughts,pollsandcommentary,

title:	Home Of The Right Wing Conspiracy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fak2%2Fintelligencerreport%2Frightwing.html
desc:	Farcicalmonthlyranttomembers.

title:	A Hopeless World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2FAsheram%2Fhopeless.html
desc:	Murphy'slaws,quotes,taglines,lastwords,sayingsoflosers,andfunnydefinitions.

title:	Humor Is Dead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humorisdead.com%2F
desc:	Featuressocialandpoliticalcritique.Departmentsincludeanarchive,movies,galleryandtechreview.

title:	Humor Me Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humormeonline.com%2F
desc:	Interactivecommentaryoncurrentaffairs,news,mediaandothertopics.Visitorscansubmitmaterialortakepartinacontest.

title:	Hutchinson and Manning Studios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.joshmanning.com%2F
desc:	Commentaryonpeopleaswellasrandomstories.

title:	Idleworm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idleworm.com%2F
desc:	FeaturescommentaryandFlashanimationsaboutcelebrities,currentevent,politicsandwar.

title:	In A Perfect World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.news-information.muskoka-ontario.com%2F
desc:	Offersamonthlyarticleandahistoryoftheauthor.

title:	International Institute of Not Doing Much 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slowdownnow.org%2F
desc:	ThecreationofBritish-AmericanwriterChristopherRichards.SporadicstoryupdatesfromOnce-In-A-Blue-MoonCommunications.Thesiteaddressestimepoverty,advocatesforcounter-urgency,andimaginessophisticatedlifeintheslowlane.Humorandphilosophy.

title:	It Sucks to be Joe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itsuckstobejoe.com%2F
desc:	Featuresasocalledreallifesoapopera.Offersacastofcharactersandthestories.

title:	Jiggs Casey 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jiggscasey.com%2F
desc:	Targetsincludepolitics,movies,music,relationships,collegelife,andbooty.

title:	Jimmy Wellington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjimmywellington.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofstoriesandanarchive.

title:	Laughsend 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laughsend.com%2F
desc:	Fakefunnyhoroscopes,spoofnews,andpoliticalsatire.

title:	Les Pages aux Folles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lespagesauxfolles.ca%2F
desc:	Weeklytopicalrantingsaboutpolitics,entertainmentandtheeveryday.

title:	Movie Juice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moviejuice.com%2F
desc:	Sarcasticreviews.Featuresadiaryandarchives.

title:	Muskrat News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muskratnews.com%2F
desc:	Featuresresearchreportsandlineoftheday.Lampooningforeignaffairsandranting.

title:	BetterDogFood 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.betterdogfood.com%2F
desc:	Firmgivesyouthedog,andthensellsyouthefood.

title:	The Big Box 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.big-box.com%2F
desc:	Fictionallargeretailer,operatingmega-mallsthatcloseallotherlocalbusinessesdown.

title:	The Brothers Grinn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brothersgrinn.com%2F
desc:	Parodies,spoofsandinterviewswithpeoplelikeScottKurtz,creatorofthewebcomicPvP,andRobertDardenofTheDoorMagazine.

title:	Cats For Gold 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.catsforgold.com%2F
desc:	Exchangesoldjewelryandunwantedbullionforfelines.

title:	Crazy Horoscopes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crazyhoroscopes.com%2F
desc:	Twistedandwarpedpersonalpredictions.

title:	Netboredom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netboredom.com%2F
desc:	Facetious,butrealisticshops.AlsofeaturesStoreandNeuradTechnologies.

title:	Nggalai.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nggalai.com%2F
desc:	Reviewsandobservations.Updatedsporadically.

title:	Off-Kilter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.offkilter.org%2F
desc:	Syndicatednewspapercolumnfeaturingoffbeatarticles.

title:	The Onion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheonion.com%2F
desc:	Afarcicalnewspaperfeaturingworld,nationalandcommunitynews.

title:	Only in America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffgvanatta.tripod.com%2Fonlyinamerica%2F
desc:	Offersdrollreportsonhumanactivities.

title:	Outside the Asylum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fms2%2Fpsychotik%2F
desc:	Featuresincludeworldviews,straythoughts,women,sexandabouttheauthor.

title:	Pitabrunch, Satura Lanx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpitabrunch.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	SatiricalcommentaryaboutIsraelisociety.

title:	PlunderMaxx 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plundermaxx.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofcorporateattitudes,pressreleases,andamissionstatement.Includesauserliabilitystatement.

title:	Endeneu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.endeneu.com%2Fbadpoem%2F
desc:	Offersspoofsofculturalpoetry.

title:	GreatInventions.TV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgreatinventions.tv%2F
desc:	Fantasticandunbelievablegadgetsandaccessoriesforthehome.

title:	A HorrorScope 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zulfiqar.com%2Fhorror.html
desc:	ParodyoflateJeaneDixon's"YourHorroscope".

title:	iCyberserve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcyberserve.iwarp.com%2F
desc:	Nomatterwhatsystemyourbusinessruns,nomatterwhatyourdatabandneeds,iCyberservewillbethere.

title:	The International University of Nescience 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnescience.org%2F
desc:	TheleaderinapatheticandagnosticeducationsincethesecondMillennium.

title:	Laze's Diet Plan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laze.net%2Fdiet%2F
desc:	Neverhastherebeensuchafastwaytoloseweight...

title:	Lip Balm Anonymous 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kevdo.com%2Flipbalm%2F
desc:	Saveyourselffromlipbalmaddiction.Findoutifyouhaveaproblem,learnfromothersinrecovery,andfindoutmoreabouttheIndustryofAddiction.

title:	MailOrderHusbands.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmailorderhusbands.net%2F
desc:	Claimingtobethemarketleaderinmailordermalespouses.

title:	Pophangover.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pophangover.com%2F
desc:	Sarcastictakesonpopculture,tv,movies,radio,celebs.

title:	Postcards from the Pug Bus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pugbus.net%2F
desc:	Commentaryonnewsandcurrentevents.

title:	The Prague Stepchild 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmujweb.cz%2Fpraguestepchild%2F
desc:	Collectionoffictitiousnewsstoriesfromaroundtheworld.

title:	Progressive Boink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.progressiveboink.com%2F
desc:	Articlesandreviewsonpopularculture,societyandthemedia.

title:	The Reader's Doglist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.readersdoglist.com%2F
desc:	Sectionsincludearticles,recipes,andactivities.

title:	Rob Bloom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.robbloom.com%2F
desc:	Humorouscommentonnewsandcurrenteventsplusoriginalcartoons.

title:	Sake-Drenched Postcards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigempire.com%2Fsake%2F
desc:	DeliversaweeklycolumnthatfeaturesJapaneseculture.

title:	The Satirist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesatirist.com%2F
desc:	Culturaljournal.Featurestrendsinarts,literatureandpolitics.

title:	Men In Kilts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.shaw.ca%2FMenInKilts%2F
desc:	Poemsandjokesrelatedtoandcelebritieswearingkilts.

title:	Mexicans in Black 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mexicansinblack.net%2F
desc:	InvestigatestheappearanceofillegalaliensintheNewMexicodesert.Includesagentprofilesandweaponinformation.

title:	Mothers Against Peeing Standing Up 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmapsu.org
desc:	Concernedindividualswhowanttostoppeeingstandingup,supportthevictims(thosewhohavetocleanup),andpreventunnecessaryurinestreamfragmentation.

title:	National Center for Irresponsible Gambling 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fncig.org%2F
desc:	Claimstobetheonlynationalorganizationdevotedtofundingresearchgearedtowardspromotingandadvancingpathologicalandyouthbetting.

title:	National Lawn Care Now 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jefflindsay.com%2FNLCN.shtml
desc:	Agrassrootsmovementforsocialjusticeofferingequallawnsforall.

title:	The Official Musical Sciences Web Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmusicalsciences.50megs.com%2F
desc:	Comedy,fakemovienewsandvideoclips.

title:	Pea City News & Events 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peacity.com%2F
desc:	PeaCity,LandsfillCounty'sguidetorealestate,careers,finance,andopportunities.

title:	Peoples Democratic Republic of Birmingham 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peoplesdemocraticrepublicofbirmingham.co.uk%2F
desc:	TheofficialwebsiteoftheChairman.IncludescontributionsbytheMinisterforRe-education.

title:	PermaThong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.permathong.com%2F
desc:	Justbecausetheworldchanges,doesn'tmeanunderwearhastobechanged.

title:	Saucers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saucers.com%2F
desc:	Offersinterplanetary,extraterrestrialparanoia.

title:	The Shrubbery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theshrubbery.com%2F
desc:	Rants,raves,andcomedy.Featurescolumns,movieandmusicreviews,andarchives.

title:	Shufflingdead.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shufflingdead.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofarticles,comicsandforumscommentingontheordinaryandtheeveryday.

title:	The Simon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesimon.com%2F
desc:	Weeklyarticles,storiesandfeatures.Includesanarchive.

title:	Sister Randy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sisterrandy.com%2F
desc:	SisterRandyisasmokingnunwhoshootsfromthelipandwearsasexyFreudianslipbeneathherconservativeblackhabit.

title:	Smirknet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smirknet.com%2F
desc:	Adirectoryofunintendedwebhumor.Featuresreligious,thearts,theoffice,andthenews.

title:	So You've Decided to be Evil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fevil-guide.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Primerdetailingtheeightessentialstepstobecomingasuccessfulmemberoftheforcesofdarkness.

title:	Sportalicious 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sportalicious.com%2F
desc:	Alookatsportsreporting.Featuresstories,radio,thewire,aboutusandarchives.

title:	SportsPickle.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmedium.com%2Fsportspickle
desc:	Fakecurrenteventswithasportstheme.

title:	Phatboy's House of Phat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphatboy.iwarp.com%2F
desc:	Thissiteissophatthatitshouldgoonadiet.

title:	Planet of the Apes - funkified! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldoflongmire.com%2Ffeatures%2Fapes%2Fapes.html
desc:	Aparodyoftheclassicsci-fifilm.

title:	Postcard Madness 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vandruff.com%2Fpost%2Fintro.html
desc:	Alampoonofthepracticeofsendingtravelpostcardswhileonvacationasanot-so-subtlemeansofbragging,usingreallifeexamples.

title:	Preparing for Emergencies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.preparingforemergencies.co.uk%2F
desc:	BytheHMDepartmentofVagueParanoia.Advicenobodyshouldreallyfollow.

title:	PsychotiCorp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psychoticorp.com%2F
desc:	AparodyonCorporateAmerica,itsbusinesspracticesandproducts.

title:	Reuben Kinkade - Painter of Stuff 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.robertniles.com%2Fkinkade%2F
desc:	ParodiesofThomasKinkadepaintings,featuringtheworkofhislong-lostbrother,Reuben(formerlymanagerofThePartridgeFamily).

title:	Skitfaced 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skitfaced.com%2F
desc:	Fakepornography,televisionshowsandassortedvideoclips.

title:	The Slingshot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheslingshot.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	ParodyofBritishVictorianandEdwardianjuvenileperiodicals,featuringthrillingandunlikelyadventurestoriesandarticles.

title:	The Stray Lake Signal-Gazette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.straylake.com%2F
desc:	Afictionalweeklynewspaperaboutasmalltownanditscitizens.

title:	Subpoena Power 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.subpoenapower.com%2F
desc:	Featuresatongue-in-cheekcivicactiongame.Theobjectiveistosavetherepublicbyfindingthetrustworthycongressmenandvanquishingthecorruptones.

title:	The-Satirist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.the-satirist.com%2F
desc:	Featuressocialandpoliticalcommentary,andhumorousfiction.Alsoacceptsreadercontributions.

title:	The Theme Farm Observer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themefarm.com%2F
desc:	Animatedmockeryofcurrenteventsandopinions.Featurestopstories,forumandsneakpreviews.

title:	Thorax Corporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thoraxcorp.com%2F
desc:	Fauxcorporatelampooningbadwebpages,ebusiness,andinternetscams.

title:	The Toilet Paper 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thetp.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofrantsandstoriesfrom1997-2000.Includesanawardreview.

title:	TomDotCom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fcrazy2%2Ftomdotcom%2Findex.html
desc:	FeaturestheonlinerantingforumfortheWakendawBunch.FromMt.Pleasant,SouthCarolina.

title:	Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Insects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Finsectrights.org%2F
desc:	PromotesinsectwelfareprimarilyintheUnitedKingdombutalsothroughouttheworld.

title:	Terror-o-matic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsnowplow.org%2Ftom%2Fterror-o-matic%2F
desc:	HomelandAlertSystemparody.

title:	The University of Lucastan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keyflux.com%2Flucastan%2Fedu%2F
desc:	Aparodyofafull-featuredinstitutionofhigherlearning.

title:	WiFi-SM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unbehagen.com%2Fwifism%2F
desc:	Spoofproductenablingyoutoempathisewiththesufferingofpeopleportrayedinthemedia.

title:	Wow - Whatta Dorcus! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lileks.com%2Finstitute%2Fdorcus%2Findex.html
desc:	Offersacollectionofmen'sfashionphotographyfromthe50's,60'sand70's.Includescompanyhistory.

title:	YD Industries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ydindustries.com%2F
desc:	Featuresapseudo-companythatskewerstheheartofconsumerculture.Offersacatalogofproducts,advertisements,andcompanybulletins.

title:	Zombie Squad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FParodies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zombiehunters.org%2F
desc:	Acommunityandforumforenthusiaststoshareideasforpreparingforzombieoutbreaks.

title:	Truth Be Known 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Ffang%2Frandom-mind%2Fframes.htm
desc:	Featuresstories,randomquotesandrantsfromRabbitandWeasel.

title:	Turtle Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.turtleportal.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesincludeTransGlobalChronicle,TimeMachineTribune,Godzorro,KingpinTin,KillerGreelyandWorldStealth.Offersanimatedpresentations,magazineformats,commentaryandstories.

title:	The Valley Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thevalleyonline.net%2F
desc:	Offersarant,fictionandarchives.Includescontactinfo.

title:	The Van Gogh-Goghs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vgg.com%2Findex.html
desc:	Essays,parodies,andsketchcomedy.FeaturesincludeDr.Sodas,careerslumps,andVGGTV.

title:	The World According to Pete 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fworldofpete.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Politics,popculture,society-at-large,relationshipsaccordingtotheweblogauthor.

title:	World Chaos Disorganization 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FSatire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldchaosdisorganization.com%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheWCD,theworld'slargestnon-governmentmilitaryindustrialconglomerate

title:	Biblical Curse Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ship-of-fools.com%2Fcurse%2Findex.html
desc:	OffersrandomlyselectedcursesfromtheBible.

title:	Bitter and Sarcastic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linville.org%2Farticle%2Faway_messages
desc:	Acanonicallistofgenerallybitter,cynical,andsarcasticawaymessagesformessaging.

title:	Elizabethan Curse Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrevorstone.org%2Fcurse%2F
desc:	GeneratecursesinElizabethanorShakespearianlanguage.

title:	Funny Insults 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funny-insults.com%2F
desc:	Insultsarrangedbysubjectandcategory,withvotingbuttons.

title:	Insult machine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funs.co.uk%2Finsult.htm
desc:	Generatesinsultsbaseduserprofile.

title:	Insult-o-Matic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insult-o-matic.com%2F
desc:	Usesacomplexalgorithmtogenerateclassic,Shakespearean,andavarietyofotherinsults.

title:	Insults - Old, New, Borrowed, Blue 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnbarber.com%2Finsults.html
desc:	Acollectionofinsultspresentedasane-book.

title:	Insults.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insults.net%2F
desc:	Hundredofinsults,insultingquotes,andacidicsayingsfromallwalksoflifeinlotsofcategories.Randominsultsgenerator.

title:	Mind Your Own Business 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmindyourownbusiness.com%2F
desc:	Sitededicatedtoprovingthatmaleetiquetteisnotanoxymoron.

title:	My World O' Fun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fpop%2Fdiskokity%2F
desc:	Clickonhardtofindlinksforinstantinsults.

title:	Shakespearean Insulter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pangloss.com%2Fseidel%2FShaker%2F
desc:	GeneratesrandominsultsfromShakespeare'sworks.

title:	Sheena's Insult Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.web-l.com%2Finsult%2F
desc:	MakesuprandomShakespeareaninsults.

title:	You're Probably Lost 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FInsults&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iamlost.com%2Ffeatures%2Fecards%2F
desc:	Remindsomeoneofapainfulexperienceoranembarrassingfailurewithoriginalcontentaddedmonthly.

title:	American Film Institute: 100 Years 100 Laughs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.afi.com%2F100years%2Flaughs.aspx
desc:	AFI'spickofonehundredfunniestUSfilms.Featuresdescriptionofselectionprocedure,listofthewinningfilms,listofthe500nominatedfilms.

title:	The Comedy 25 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Few.com%2Fgallery%2Fcomedy-25-funniest-movies-past-25-years%2F1
desc:	EntertainmentWeekly'spickofthe25funniestmovies.Includespicturesandusercomments.

title:	Filmsite: Comedy Films 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.filmsite.org%2Fcomedyfilms.html
desc:	Analysisofthecomedygenre.Featuressub-genreclassification,history,profilesofdirectorsandactors,andselectionofthe"greatest"comedyfilms.

title:	Good Comedy Movies to Watch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgoodcomedymoviestowatch.com%2F
desc:	Comedyreviews.Featuresposters,ratingsandsynopsis.

title:	Hindi Comedy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hindi-comedy.com%2F
desc:	ComediesfromIndiaintheHindilanguage.Featuresreviewsandbiosofcomedians.

title:	LaughDB: The Funniest Comedies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laughdb.com%2F
desc:	Moviesrankedbyabilitytomakethesite'sauthorlaughoutloud.Featuresover250comediesarrangedbycountry,decade,actor,directorandwriter.

title:	Poetics Today: Humor Mechanisms in Film Comedy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffolk.uio.no%2Fjeroenv%2FvandaelePT2002.pdf
desc:	Researcharticle.Discussesseveraltypesofincongruityandsuperioritythatunderliehumorincomedyfilms.

title:	Satire Screening Room 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsarcasmalley.com%2F
desc:	Aboutthecomedyfilms"BeingThere","TheGraduate"and"MASH".Includesreviews,stillshots,soundclips,scriptsandcredits.

title:	TimeOut's 100 Best Comedy Movies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timeout.com%2Flondon%2Ffilm%2F100-best-comedy-movies
desc:	Listofmoviespickedby200contributorsfromthemovieindustry.Featurescountdown,picturesandsynopsis.

title:	Top 25 Comedies of All Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ign.com%2Farticles%2F2012%2F03%2F13%2Ftop-25-comedies-of-all-time
desc:	SelectionofcomediesbyIGNMovies.Featuresstillshots,plotsummaries,reviewsandcomments.

title:	Top 50 Comedy Films 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imdb.com%2Fgenre%2Fcomedy
desc:	ChartofthetopfiftycomedymoviesaccordingtousersoftheInternetMovieDatabase.Includesratingsandlinkstomoviepages.

title:	Top French-Language Comedy Movies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FGenres%2FComedy&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffrench.about.com%2Flibrary%2Freviews%2Faatp-moviesc.htm
desc:	SelectionoftenFrenchcomedies.Featuresshortreviews.

title:	Humor of Phil Kaufman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jokemeister.iwarp.com%2F
desc:	One-liners,storiesandlinks.Originalcontent.

title:	The Laugh Lab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FHumor%2FJokes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laughlab.co.uk%2F
desc:	AscientificexperimentundertakenbytheUniversityofHertfordshireintheUKtofindtheworld'sfunniestjoke.

title:	Ben Seys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.benseys.be%2F
desc:	EengreepuithetwerkvanBenSeys.Elkedageennieuwegagenelkeweekeennieuwecartoon.

title:	cookiecartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cookiecartoons.nl%2F
desc:	Actuelecartoonsenkarikaturen.

title:	Dirkjan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.chello.nl%2Fj.otte%2Fdirkjan.html
desc:	IedereweekdenieuwsteDirkjan-stripvanMarkReterauitdeVeronicagids.

title:	Evert Kwok 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evertkwok.nl%2F
desc:	Iedereweekeennieuwecartoononline.

title:	Jurre en Sip cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjurresip.nl%2F
desc:	TweekeerperweekeenactuelecartoonvanJurreenSip.

title:	Kamagurka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kamagurka.com%2F
desc:	Dagelijkseenabsurdecartoon.

title:	Kartoen.be 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kartoen.be%2F
desc:	DagelijkseennieuwecartoonofillustratiesdoorJeroenVanstiphout.

title:	Kito 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkitocartoons.com%2F
desc:	Absurdistischecartoonsenkortestripsinkleur.

title:	Lectrr Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lectrr.be%2F
desc:	SitevandevlaamsecartoonistLectrr.

title:	Maarten Wolterink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mwcartoons.nl%2F
desc:	Strips,cartoonsenkarikaturenvanMaartenWolterink.

title:	moztert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FHumor%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moztert.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Wekelijkseennieuwportret.

title:	HappyCow Compassionate Eating Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLifestyle_Choices%2FVegetarianism%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.happycow.net%2F
desc:	Freeonlinevegetarianrestaurantguide,sortedbycountryandregion,providingvegetarianandveganrestaurantdiningandhealthfoodstorelocations.

title:	Veggie Places 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLifestyle_Choices%2FVegetarianism%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.veggieplaces.co.uk%2F
desc:	Directoryofvegetarian,veganandveg-friendlyrestaurantsaroundtheworld.Includesuserreviews,newsandarticles.

title:	VegGuide.Org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLifestyle_Choices%2FVegetarianism%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vegguide.org%2F
desc:	Anopen,community-maintained,world-widedirectoryofvegetarianresources,includingrestaurants,andgroceries.Anyonecansignupandaddnewentries,writereviews,oraddtotheeventlistings.

title:	Arabia Weddings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Farabiaweddings.com%2F
desc:	MiddleEasternguideandweddingplanningwebsitethatconnectsvendorsandbridesintheArabWorld.

title:	Aroos Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aroosmagazine.com%2F
desc:	OnlinemagazineanddirectoryforAmericanPersianweddingswithinformationonweddingtrends,vendors,andtips.

title:	Asian Bride 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asianbride.me%2F
desc:	BridalguidemagazineforthesouthAsiancommunityintheUK.

title:	Bridal Guide Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bridalguide.com%2F
desc:	Weddingguideandmagazinewitharticles,ideas,andweddingvendorinformationworldwide.

title:	BridalTweet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bridaltweet.com%2F
desc:	Onlineweddingcommunitywherebrides,weddingvendors,andweddingbloggerscancreatemeaningfulrelationships.

title:	BrideClubMe.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brideclubme.com%2F
desc:	DubaiweddingguidewithmiddleeastweddingvendorstipsandideasforUAEweddings.

title:	Brides 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brides.com%2F
desc:	Weddingguidewithinformationonweddingplanning,fashion,beautytips,advice,andweddingvendors.

title:	Celebration Weddings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.celebration.co.za%2F
desc:	Weddingguideofferingwedding-relatedservicesandinformationthroughoutSouthAfrica.

title:	Celebrity Bride Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.celebritybrideguide.com%2F
desc:	Bridalguidewithvendorinformation,celebrityweddingnews,tips,details,anddirectoryofcelebrityweddingprofessionals.

title:	DeamWedding.ie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dreamwedding.ie%2F
desc:	Irishweddingguideanddirectorywithweddinginformation,planningadviceandtips.

title:	Destination Wedding Details 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdestinationweddingdetails.com%2F
desc:	Planningguidefordestinationweddingswithinformationonvenues,vendors,andlocations.

title:	Dubai Bride 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bride.ae%2F
desc:	WeddingguideanddirectoryfeaturingvendorsthatprovideservicesinDubai,UAE.

title:	Getting Married News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gettingmarriednews.com%2F
desc:	Internationalweddingdirectorywithweddingvenues,photographers,andplannersinSouthAmerica,Australia,theUS.

title:	Intimate Weddings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intimateweddings.com%2F
desc:	Websiteandguidededicatedtoprovidingengagedcoupleswithvendorinformationandideasforplanningsmallweddings.

title:	IWedPlanner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwedplanner.com%2F
desc:	Guidewithweddingplanningideas,checklists,tipsandlistofweddingvendor

title:	Junebug Weddings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.junebugweddings.com%2F
desc:	Onlinemagazineandweddingplanningwebsitewithvendorinformation,realweddings,bridalfashionsandtips.

title:	Lebanon Perfect Wedding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flebanonperfectwedding.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryofweddingLebanonweddingvendorsandservices

title:	Malta Wedding Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maltaweddings.com.mt%2F
desc:	InformationandadvicesiteforweddingneartheMalteseIslands.

title:	Mazelmoments 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mazelmoments.com%2F
desc:	WeddingguideanddirectorywithafocusonJewishvenues,kosher&non-koshercaterers,synagogues,rabbis,andothervendors.

title:	Mexico Wedding Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mexicoweddingdirectory.com%2F
desc:	ListofweddingvendorsinMexicoincludinghotels,planners,andreceptionsites

title:	My Online Wedding Help 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myonlineweddinghelp.com%2F
desc:	Onlineweddingguidewithlinkstodiscountsanddealsonweddingsuppliesandattire.

title:	Naija Glam Wedding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnaijaglamwedding.com%2F
desc:	Nigerianweddingplanningguideandtoolswithhoneymoonideasfornewlyengagedandbrides-to-be.

title:	Perfect Wedding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.perfectwedding.co.za%2F
desc:	DirectoryofweddingserviceprovidersintheWesternCape,SouthAfricaweddingindustry.

title:	Planyourwedding.my 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planyourwedding.my%2F
desc:	Malaysia-focusedweddingguidewithideas,venues,photographers.

title:	South African Wedding Venues 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saweddingvenues.com%2F
desc:	AcollectionofweddingvenuesineveryprovinceofSouthAfrica.

title:	Sriweddings.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sriweddings.com%2F
desc:	WebsitewithideasandinformationonweddingvendorsinthecountryofSriLanka.

title:	SuperWeddings.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.superweddings.com%2F
desc:	Weddingguidewithideas,adecoratingandcakegallery,advice,planninginformationanddoityourselfexperttips.

title:	Team Wedding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topweddingsites.com%2F
desc:	Weddingandmarriagerelatedresourcewithinformationonnationwideanddestinationweddingvendors.

title:	Top Wedding Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.top10weddingsites.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofweddingsitesorganisedbycategory.Includesweddingadvicefromvendors,blogandcoupons.

title:	The Veil and Garter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.veilandgarter.co.za%2F
desc:	DirectoryforplanningaweddinginSouthAfrica.

title:	Wedding Photographer Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weddingphotographer.net%2F
desc:	Weddingphotographydirectorywitharticles,tips,andinformationonphotographersintheUS,UK,andbeyond.

title:	Wedding Planning Link 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weddingplanninglink.com%2F
desc:	LocalweddingplanningsocialnetworkforbridesinCanadaandtheUS.

title:	Weddingegypt.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weddingsegypt.com%2F
desc:	OnlineweddingguidewithfashiontipsandideasfocusingonweddingvendorsinEgypt.

title:	Weddingish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweddingish.com%2F
desc:	Aweddingblogandguidefocusedonthelatestweddingtrends,fashionandphotography.

title:	Weddings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweddings.about.com%2F
desc:	Tipsongettingengaged,planningyourwedding,andmakingweddingfavors.About.com.

title:	Weddings Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweddingsmalaysia.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryforweddingvendorsinMalaysiawithinformationonweddingvenues,weddingplanners,photographers,anddestinationweddings.

title:	WedPro Search Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FRelationships%2FWeddings%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wedprosearch.com%2F
desc:	Weddingassociationanddirectoryofweddingprofessionalsforbridestofindvendorsfortheirday.

title:	Zenzibar Alternative Culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSubcultures%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zenzibar.com%2F
desc:	Aportalanddirectoryofalternativeculturewebsites.

title:	Trygg katalog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FN%C3%A6ringsliv%2FRessurser%2FKataloger&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tryggkatalog.no%2F
desc:	ArbeidermedkvalitetssikringavkatalogmarkedetisamarbeidmedMediebedrifteneslandsforening(MBL).

title:	All Things Spiritual 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allspiritual.com%2F
desc:	Includesallmajorspiritualandreligiouscategories,aswellasrelatedforumsandpolls.

title:	Alternative Religions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Faltreligion.about.com%2F
desc:	Information,annotatedlinksandreviewsonvariouslesserknownreligions.

title:	Directory of Religious Centers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pluralism.org%2Fpages%2Fdirectory%2Fabout
desc:	Directoryofnon-Christianandnon-JewishreligiouscentersintheUnitedStates,includingBuddhist,Hindu,Jain,Zoroastrian,Bahai,Pagan,Islamic,Taocentersandtemples.

title:	Erowid Buddhism Vault 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erowid.org%2Fspirit%2Ftraditions%2F
desc:	Informationaboutreligionandreligiouspracticesasaspiritualpath.

title:	JailNation.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FCrime%2FPrisons%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jailnation.com%2F
desc:	AdatabaseofUSphonenumbers,addresses,andmaps.Alsohasshortarticlesonbailbondsandlegalissues.

title:	AxylaInsight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FInformatiebronnen%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.axylainsight.com%2F
desc:	ZoekmachinevoororganisatiesinNederlandmetmeerdan25werknemers,inclusiefdedaarbijhorendebeslissers.

title:	Europages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FInformatiebronnen%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europages.com%2F
desc:	Databasevanbedrijvenuit30Europeselanden.

title:	Cosmopolis Political Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cosmopolis.ch%2Fgovlinks.htm
desc:	Linkstogovernments,GOVs,ORGs,NGOs,thinktanksandpoliticalpartiesworldwide

title:	Dods People 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dodspeople.com%2FPage.aspx%3Fpageid%3D627
desc:	ProvidesinformationonboththepoliticalrepresentativesandpublicaffairsprofessionalsacrosstheUKandEuropeanUnion.

title:	GovSpot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.govspot.com%2F
desc:	Nonpartisangovernmentandcivicsinformationportalsimplifiesthesearchforelectioninformation,local,statenationalandworldgovernmentinformation,politicalparties,andgovernmentdocuments.

title:	Mondo Politico: 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mondopolitico.com%2F
desc:	Awebdirectoryforelections,politicalparties,selecteddocuments,andgovernmentinCanada,theUnitedStates,Australia,NewZealand,theUnitedKingdom,andIreland.

title:	Political Information.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.politicalinformation.com%2F
desc:	Atargetedsearchengineforpoliticsandpolicy.Newsletterandlinkdirectory.

title:	FBG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FAdresgegevens&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fbg.be%2F
desc:	GegevensvanbedrijvenenprofessionalsuitdeBeneluxenomringendelanden.

title:	Telefoonboek Suriname 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FAdresgegevens&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.telesur.sr%2Fmijn-telesur%2Ftelefoonboek%2F
desc:	OpzoekenvantelefoonnummersvanbedrijvenenparticuliereninSuriname.

title:	Episteme Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epistemelinks.com%2F
desc:	Comprehensiveindexofphilosophy-relatedlinks.

title:	Erratic Impact 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erraticimpact.com%2F
desc:	Featuresmanyannotatedlinks,testresourcesandcommunityresourcesforstudentsandteachers.

title:	Guide to Philosophy on the Internet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earlham.edu%2F%7Epeters%2Fphilinks.htm
desc:	AregularlyupdatedcollectionofonlinephilosophyresourcesbyPeterSuberofEarlhamCollege.

title:	LLEK Bookmarks: Philosophy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fllek.de%2Fenglish%2Fthematic%2Fhumanities%2Fphilosop_e.htm
desc:	Directoriesofphilosophyjournals,philosophyrelatedcatalogsofscientificsearchengines,additionalrelevantstartingpointsandsitesofspecialinterest.

title:	Philosophy around the Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.ox.ac.uk%2F%7Eworc0337%2Fphil_index.html
desc:	GuideandagatewaytophilosophyresourcesontheInternet,byDrPeterJ.King,UniversityofOxford.

title:	Philosophy Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philosophypages.com%2F
desc:	Aidstothestudyofphilosophy,includingstudyguide,dictionary,timeline,discussionofmajorphilosophers,andlinkstoe-texts.

title:	Union of International Associations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FOrganizations%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uia.org%2F
desc:	Continuallyupdatedinformationoninternationalnon-profitnon-governmentalandintergovernmentalorganizationsandconstituencies.

title:	International Organizations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FOrganizations%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.members.tripod.com%2F%7EKen_Davies%2Finternational.html
desc:	Listoflinkstoworldandregionalorganizations,classifiedaccordingtoareaofinterest.

title:	Oneworld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FOrganizations%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Foneworld.org%2F
desc:	Aninternetcommunityoforganisationsleadingthewayforhumanrightsandsustainabledevelopmentworldwide.

title:	Scholarly Societies Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FOrganizations%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscholarly-societies.org%2F
desc:	Directoryofscholarlysocietiesacrosstheworld.

title:	Union of International Associations   / NGO Web Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FOrganizations%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uia.org%2Flinks
desc:	LinkstoWWW,gopherandFTPsitesofinternationalNGOsandIGOs.

title:	Best Ghost Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FParanormal%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bestghostsites.com%2F
desc:	CategoriesalsoincludeUFOs,vampires,werewolves,folkloreandastatebystatelistingofinvestigators.

title:	MetaReligion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FParanormal%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meta-religion.com%2F
desc:	Comprehensiveresourceencompassingreligions,cults,sects,magick,esoterismandspiritualism.EnglishandSpanishversions.

title:	Myth & Mystery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FParanormal%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mythandmystery.com%2F
desc:	Linksandinformationregardingmyths,mysteriesandancienthistory.

title:	Paranormality 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FParanormal%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paranormality.com%2F
desc:	AtoZindexoftheparanormal.OnlineESPtestsandanonlinetarotreadingcourse.

title:	The Unexplained Mysteries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FParanormal%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheunexplainedmysteries.com%2F
desc:	Includesnews,videoandlinks.

title:	140Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.140online.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryoftelephonenumbersforcompaniesandindividualsinEgypt.

title:	411 Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.411.info%2F
desc:	Searchforpeopleandbusinessesinthewhiteandyellowpages.

title:	Addresses.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.addresses.com%2F
desc:	Offersemailaddresses,phonenumbers,streetaddressesandbusinesslistings.

title:	Africa Phone Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.africaphonebooks.com%2F
desc:	LocalwhiteandyellowpagephonedirectoriesforseveralAfricancountries.

title:	Apni Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apnidirectory.com%2F
desc:	Indo-CanadiandirectoryservingtheOkanaganregionofBritishColumbia.

title:	Infobel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infobel.com%2F
desc:	Internationalresidenceandbusinesslistingsformostcountries.Offeredinmultiplelanguages.

title:	InfoTaxi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infotaxi.org%2F
desc:	Accuratetaxicompaniesinformationdirectoryandsearchengineprovidingphonenumbersandurlsworldwide.

title:	InfoUSA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infousa.com%2F
desc:	Nationwidedirectoryassistanceforindividualsorbusinesses,

title:	International Numbering Plans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.numberingplans.com%2F
desc:	Internationaldialingcodesandnumberingplans.

title:	Jay Computer Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnt.jcsm.com%2F
desc:	Zipcodes,cities,states,counties,areacodes,andtimezones.Dozipcodeproximitycalculations.Includesareacodechangeinformation.

title:	Phonenumber.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phonenumber.com%2F
desc:	Phonenumbersandaddressesforpeopleandbusinesses.

title:	Switchboard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.switchboard.com%2F
desc:	UnitedStatesresidentialandbusinesslistings.

title:	Yellowpages.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yellowpages.com%2F
desc:	AT&T'sdirectoryoffersbusinessandresidentialsearches,alongwithmapsandmobileapps.

title:	WTJ Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wtj.com%2Fportal%2F
desc:	Resourceforresearchers,hobbyists,andmilitaryprofessionalsinterestedinmilitaryhistory,scienceanddefense.

title:	Angie's Military Links and Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmi2%2Fangela764%2Fmilitary%2F
desc:	British,U.S.,andIsraeliArmedForceslinks,information,andimages.

title:	Defence & Civil Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dc-database.com%2F
desc:	Militaryandcivildefenseweaponsandequipmentdirectory.

title:	Defence News & Information Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smi-online.co.uk%2F
desc:	Defencenews,resources,tenders,andotherinformationforthedefenceindustry.Internationalcoverage,updateddaily.

title:	Links to Defence Web Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mod.uk%2FDefenceInternet%2FAZIndex%2F
desc:	Linkstoofficialnationalandinternationalmilitarywebsites,fromtheUKMinistryofDefence.

title:	Military-411.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FMilitary%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.military-411.com%2F
desc:	Onlineguidetomilitarywebsites,subdividedbytopicareas.

title:	Attorney Tribe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.attorneytribe.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryoflawyersintheUS,Canada,UK,andAustralia.Searchforlawyersbypracticeareaandlocation.

title:	Columbia Directory Co., Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.columbialist.com%2F
desc:	Membershipdirectoryandreferralserviceforcollectionandbankruptcylawattorneys,andcollectionagencies.

title:	Heiros Gamos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hg.org%2F
desc:	Listingsoflawfirmsworldwide.

title:	Inter-Lawyer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inter-lawyer.com%2F
desc:	Businessandfinanciallawsite,withaninternationaldirectoryoflawyers,news,andlinkstolegalinformationandarticles.

title:	Jewish Law - Legal Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jlaw.com%2FDirectory%2F
desc:	Attorneyswhoshareacommoninterestin,andcommitmentto,HalachainitsrelationshiptosecularlawandissuesofJewishconcerningeneral,organizedbylocation.

title:	LawyerDirectory.legal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lawyerdirectory.legal%2F
desc:	Directoryoflawyersandlawfirmsorganisedbycountryandregion.

title:	Lawyers.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lawyers.com%2F
desc:	Legaldirectoryforconsumers,alsoprovidinglegalinformation.

title:	LegalEase, Ltd - Legal 500 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.legal500.com%2F
desc:	Directoryoflawfirmsorganizedbypracticeareaandlocation.

title:	Martindale.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.martindale.com%2F
desc:	InterfacetotheMartindale-Hubbelllegaldirectory.

title:	Meritas, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meritas.org%2F
desc:	Directoryofbusinesslawfirms.

title:	Mohaami 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mohaami.com%2F
desc:	AdirectoryoflawyersbasedinArabicnations,organizedbycountry.

title:	World Link for Law 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldlink-law.com%2F
desc:	Internationaldirectoryofcommerciallawfirms.

title:	Wright Holmes Law List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FServices%2FLawyers_and_Law_Firms%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collectioncenter.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofcommercialandretailcollectionattorneys.

title:	World Wide Web Virtual Law Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvlib.org%2FLaw
desc:	Acollectionofsitespresentinginformationonlegalsubjects.

title:	AccessToLaw 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accesstolaw.com%2F
desc:	ConciseannotatedlinksdirectoryfocusingontheUnitedKingdomandCommonwealthnations.

title:	Attorney's Toolbox 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macattorney.com%2Ftools.html
desc:	Linkstositesusefultoattorneys.

title:	Delia Venables 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.venables.co.uk%2F
desc:	LinkstolegalsitesintheUnitedKingdomandIreland

title:	Gavel2Gavel.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.re-quest.net%2Fg2g%2F
desc:	Collectionoflegallinks.

title:	InfoLex.lt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.infolex.lt%2F
desc:	Portaltolaw-relatedresourcesinLithuania.

title:	LawBore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lawbore.net%2F
desc:	CityUniversity'slegallinks,aimedprimarilyatstudentsandfocusingonUKlaw.

title:	LawyerExpress 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lawyerexpress.com%2F
desc:	Offeringlegallinks,withadditionalservicesavailabletoregisteredusers.

title:	Legal Research Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lawresearch.com%2F
desc:	Varietyoffreelegallinksforfreeaswellasalargerfeebaseddirectory.Note-thiswebsitewillautomaticallyattempttocaptureyouremailaddress.

title:	Links 2 Law 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thrall.org%2Flaw
desc:	Linkstostate,federal,andinternationallegalresources,fromtheMiddletownThrallLibraryinNewYork.

title:	Mishpat.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmishpat.net%2F
desc:	Directoryoflegallinks.

title:	NCLegal.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nclegal.com%2F
desc:	IndexoflinkstoNorthCarolinaandgenerallegalresources.

title:	PublicLegal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilrg.com%2F
desc:	Linkstolegalwebsitesforattorneysandthepublic.

title:	Rominger Legal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.romingerlegal.com%2F
desc:	Directoryoflinkstoonlinelegalresources,organizedbysubjectandlocation.

title:	Stirling Law Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stirlinglaw.com%2F
desc:	Linkstofreelegalresources.

title:	World Legal Information Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLegal_Information%2FResources%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldlii.org%2F
desc:	Internationaldirectoryoflegalresources.

title:	Adams Evidence Grade Technology, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLaw_Enforcement%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evidencegrade.com%2F
desc:	Mediaandequipmentdesignedforusebyorganizationsassociatedwithlawenforcement,forensics,andjudiciary.

title:	Concerns of Police Survivors, COPS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLaw_Enforcement%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalcops.org%2F
desc:	Providesresourcesforsurvivorsoflawenforcementofficerskilledinthelineofduty.Containsinformationabouttheirprograms,howtohelpandpressreleases.

title:	LawOfficer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLaw_Enforcement%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lawofficer.com%2F
desc:	Provideslawenforcementnews,exclusivearticles,andequipmentreviewsbroughttoyoubyElsevierPublicSafety.

title:	NJLawman.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLaw_Enforcement%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.njlawman.com%2F
desc:	Articles,traininginformation,links,testpreparationmaterial,alineofdutydeathspage,andissuesfacingthelocallawenforcementcommunity.

title:	Officer.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLaw_Enforcement%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.officer.com%2F
desc:	Directoryoflinks,withforumsandachatroom.

title:	Police One 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLaw_Enforcement%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.policeone.com%2F
desc:	Onlinecommunityforpolicefeaturingnews,videos,articles,trainingandforums.Offersjobandcareerlistingsforpoliceofficersandresearchonlawenforcementproducts,software,technology,andcommunications.

title:	Same Shield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLaw_Enforcement%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sameshield.com%2F
desc:	Devotedtowomeninlawenforcementworldwide.Includesahistoryofpolicewomen,historicalpressarticles,newsandotherresourcesrelatingtopolicewomen.

title:	USACOPS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FLaw_Enforcement%2FResources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usacops.com%2F
desc:	Employmentlistingsandgeneralinformationrelatingtolawenforcement.Offersafreewebsiteforpublicserviceagencies.

title:	Almanac of Policy Issues 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.policyalmanac.org%2F
desc:	BackgroundinformationandlinksonU.S.publicpolicyissues,includingeducation,health,crime,theenvironment,foreignpolicy,andnationalsecurity.

title:	FutureAustralia.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.futureaustralia.net%2F
desc:	Focusedonsocialchangeandenvironmentalactivism.

title:	Hillwatch Think Tanks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hillwatch.com%2FPPRC%2FThink_Tanks.aspx
desc:	DirectoryofCanadianandinternationalpublicpolicythinktanks.

title:	HILS: The Humanitarian Interest Links Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hils.org%2F
desc:	Portalforprofessionals,volunteers,andothersinterestedinhumanitarianissues,withafocusondevelopmentandpeacestudies.

title:	Norbert's Bookmarks for a Better World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.betterworldlinks.org%2F
desc:	Linksonpeace,humanrights,socialjustice,theenvironment,military,conflictregions,women,education,religions,economy,andpolitics.

title:	PolicyExperts.org: The Heritage Foundation Resource Bank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.policyexperts.org%2F
desc:	Directoryofconservativepolicyexpertsandorganizations.Searchablebyissueandkeywords.

title:	Political Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.politicalinformation.com%2Flinks%2FIssues%2F
desc:	Directoryandsearchengineforpolitics,policy,andgrassrootscauses.

title:	Cyndi's List of Genealogy Resources on the Internet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyndislist.com%2F
desc:	Alargecategorizedandcross-referenceddirectoryofsitesusefulforgenealogicalresearch,withhundredsofthousandsoflinks.

title:	AncientFaces 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ancientfaces.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofoldfamilyandmilitaryphotographs,stories,andfamilyrecipes,submittedbysiteusers.

title:	Archives.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archives.com%2F
desc:	Offeringacompleteresourceguide,thesharingoffamilyphotosanddocuments.

title:	Black Sheep Ancestors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blacksheepancestors.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofconvict,court,prisonandexecutionrecords.

title:	Census Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcensuslinks.com%2F
desc:	Adirectoryoflinkstocensus,marriage,birth,anddeathrecordtranscriptions,mainlyintheUnitedStates.

title:	Cinnamon Toast Genealogy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cinnamontoast.net%2F
desc:	Anindexoflinkstogenealogywebsitesanddatabases,classifiedbysurnameandbyregion.

title:	CyberPursuits: Genealogy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyberpursuits.com%2Fgen%2F
desc:	Collectionoflinkscategorizedbyregion,topic,surname,organizationsandassociations.

title:	Firstmom's Genealogy Resources and Records 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkhuish.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Offerslinkstogenealogyrecordsonline.

title:	Genealogy and Family History Internet Web Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.academic-genealogy.com%2F
desc:	Selectresourcesworldwidewithanemphasisonscholarlysites.Organisedbyregionandtopic.

title:	Genealogy at About.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgenealogy.about.com%2F
desc:	Featureslinksforresearchingfamilyhistory,includinggenealogicalsocieties,ethnicsites,andaccessgenealogicalsoftware.

title:	Genealogy for WebTV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.daddezio.com%2Fwebtv%2F
desc:	DirectoryofgenealogyresourcesdesignedforWebTVviewers.

title:	Genealogy Infocenter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgenealogy_infocenter.tripod.com%2F
desc:	LinkstogenealogyrelatedmaillistsandFAQs.

title:	Genealogy Register 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genealogyregister.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofgenealogywebsites.Freehomepagesandmessageboardsfordiscussion.

title:	Ainsworth,  Laura 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lauraainsworth.com%2F
desc:	Detailsofthesingerandcomedian'stheatricalrevue,"MyShipHasSailed".Scheduleandbookinginformation,reviews,soundclipsandweblog.

title:	Arieff, Rachel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rachelarieff.com%2F
desc:	Videos,music,biography,andscheduleinformationforLosAngelesbasedperformer.

title:	Bananas at Large 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bananasatlarge.com%2F
desc:	Wisconsingroupthatperformshunting-themedcomedicsongs.

title:	Barbutti, Pete 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barbuti.com%2F
desc:	Musicalcomedian.ListedherearelinkstoRealAudiojokesandvideoclips.

title:	GenealogyLinks.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genealogylinks.net%2F
desc:	Featuresgenealogylinkstoshippassengerlists,cemeterytranscriptions,censusesforUnitedKingdomandIreland,UnitedStates,Europe,Canada,AustraliaandNewZealand.

title:	GenealogyPro.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genealogypro.com%2F
desc:	Linkstogenealogyresearchersservingmorethan20countries.

title:	GenealogySpot.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genealogyspot.com%2F
desc:	Offersfreeonlinegenealogyresourcesforbeginnersandexperts.

title:	Mary's Genealogy Treasures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.telusplanet.net%2Fpublic%2Fmtoll
desc:	AnorganiseddirectorymaintainedbyMaryTollestrup.

title:	Maven - The Portal Directory to the Jewish World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maven.co.il%2Fsubjects.asp%3FS%3D296
desc:	JewishandIsraelidirectorywiththousandsofdirectoriesandlinks.

title:	Mom's Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreepages.genealogy.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Egcf2000%2F
desc:	DirectoryproducedbytheYahooGenealogyChatFriendsGroup.Linkstosourcesofinformationusefultoanyoneinterestedinresearchingtheirancestry,includingcategoriesbysurnameandbylocation.

title:	RootsLink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fresources.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Erootslink%2Fsearch.html
desc:	RootsWeb'sdirectoryofresources.

title:	Ruth Ann's Genealogy Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreepages.genealogy.rootsweb.ancestry.com%2F%7Eruthann%2F
desc:	Genealogyhelplinksandinformationincludingnationspecificresources,shipspassengerlists,surnamesandcensusrecords.

title:	ShadCat's Free Genealogy Listings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.daddezio.com%2Fshadcat%2F
desc:	Freesitetofindyourrootsandlistyourgenealogywebsite.

title:	Bedroom Philosopher, The 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bedroomphilosopher.com%2F
desc:	Containsdiscography,biography,photographsandweblogforart-folkhumoristandmusicianJustinHeazlewood.BasedinMelbourne,Australia.

title:	Blackledge, Dave 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.daveblackledge.com%2F
desc:	Schedule,photosandlyrics.

title:	Blair, Dennis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dennisblair.com%2F
desc:	Musicblendedwithstandupcomedy.Biography,tourdates,andalbumordering.

title:	Butler, Todd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toddbutler.com%2F
desc:	MusicalsatiristfromCanada.Includesbiographies,audiosamples,videoclips,contactinformationandschedule.

title:	Carsonmania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carsonmania.com%2F
desc:	OriginalcomedytunesfromLeahCarson.SitefeaturesentiresongsinRealMediaformat,plusalbuminfo.

title:	Comedy Roasts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comicroasts.com.au%2F
desc:	MusicalComedyandSatire.GeoffSirmaiandDavidFishercreatepersonaliseduniquecabaretforanyspecialoccasion.

title:	Corky and the Juice Pigs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkimberlychapman.com%2Fcorky%2Findex.html
desc:	Lyrics,soundclips,andinformationonthiswackyCanadiantrio.

title:	Sharkey's Links To Genealogical Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.hawaii.edu%2F%7Esharkey%2Flinks%2Fgenealog%2Fgenealog.htm
desc:	Indexofwebsitesthatspecializeinlinkstogenealogicalinformation.

title:	Source List for Genealogy Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kansasheritage.org%2Fresearch%2Fdbd.html
desc:	Selectionofsites.

title:	Surname Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGenealogy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surnameguide.com%2F
desc:	Familysurnamesourcesandresources.

title:	Cowtown Entertainment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkccomic.cowtownentertainment.com%2F
desc:	KansasCityguitarcomedianMikeWestprovidesclipsofhisownshowandofferscomedykaraokeandotherformsofmusicalentertainment.

title:	Dane, Ari 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aridane.biz%2F
desc:	Photos,biography,reviewsandaudioclipsoforiginalsongs.

title:	Davis, Scott 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottdavis.com%2F
desc:	ScottDavisisbestfriendswithMarkLowryanddoesmusic/comedyconcertsthroughouttheworldforchurches,singles,youth,schools,andcrusadeevents.

title:	Doodoo Wah 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdoodoowah.com%2F
desc:	PoliticallyincorrectfolkhumorfromCalifornia'sMotherLode.

title:	Eddie, Mark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.markeddie.com%2F
desc:	Arockcomicplayingnationwide.Includesvideosamples,backgroundandcontactinformation,CDsandtourschedule.

title:	Fred and Al 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fredandal.co.uk%2F
desc:	ComedymusicbandbasedintheUK.FreeMP3songs,screensaversandwallpaper.

title:	The FuMP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thefump.com%2F
desc:	TheFunnyMusicProjectisacollectiveofartistswhoproduceandreleasecomedyrecordingsviawebcast.

title:	Hersch, Rainer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Frainerhersch.com%2F
desc:	ClassicalmusiccomedianfromBritain.

title:	The Jack D'Johns 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Foamweb.com%2Fentertainment%2Fjackdjohns%2F
desc:	Vegasstyleshow/danceband.Musicalcomedyforallages.

title:	Jet, Johnny 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnnyjet.co.uk%2F
desc:	Originalfunnysongsandpoemsfromcomedysinger/songwriter.Lyricsandphotos.

title:	LaBelle, Mark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marklabelle.com%2F
desc:	Detailsofhisperformances,schedule,andgallery.

title:	Lang und Breit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.langundbreit.com%2F
desc:	Comedywithbanjoandwashtub.SiteisinGermanandEnglish.

title:	Lilley, Richard 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedycv.co.uk%2Ffreaksouting%2F
desc:	Appearances,bookinginformation,andphotos.

title:	The Limey Birds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fde2%2Flimeybirds%2Findex.html
desc:	Brit-popandcomedyfusion.

title:	Mabe, Tom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tommabe.com%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteforinformationonTom'snewalbum,"RevengeontheTelemarketersRoundOne".

title:	Minchin, Tim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timminchin.com%2F
desc:	Australiancomedian,actor,composerandsongwriter.Includesbiography,upcominggigs,reviews,weblogandmerchandise.

title:	Moosebutter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moosebutter.com%2F
desc:	Quartetperformscomedymusicclassics.MP3soundsamples,photos,andlyrics.

title:	Morey, Sean 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seanmorey.com%2F
desc:	Providingsongclips,tourinformation,messageboardandbookinginformation.

title:	Mule Deer, Gary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgarymuledeer.com%2F
desc:	Comedianmusiciantouringnationally.Includesaudiosamples,upcomingschedule,picturegalleryandbookinginformation.

title:	The Party Hog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.partyhog.com%2F
desc:	WesternCanada'sOneManComedyRockShow-informationongigs,livesonglist,freemp3s,picsandvideos!

title:	Pat and John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.patandjohn.de%2F
desc:	Officialsiteofaward-winningmusicalcomedyduoJohnSampsonandPatrickJamesO'Connell.IncludesCDorderingandbookinginformation.

title:	Paul and Storm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paulandstorm.com%2F
desc:	MusiccomedyduofromWashington,DC.Biographies,schedule,musicsamplesandphotos.

title:	Phillips, Henry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhenryphillips.com%2F
desc:	Audiodownloads,CD-ROMordering,andschedule.

title:	Piano Juggler 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pianojuggler.com%2F
desc:	Californiabasedmusicalcomedicjuggler.Videoclips,biography,resume,andcontactdetailsprovided.

title:	Pierce, Larry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.larrypierce.com%2F
desc:	FrequentHowardSternShowguestandthe"MasterofDirtyCountryMusic."Featuresaudiosamples.

title:	R.A.C. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.purevolume.com%2Frac
desc:	BandispartoftheUKundergroundrap,breakdancingandpirateradioscenes.Mp3sandcontactinformation.

title:	Rix, Toby 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tobyrix.com%2F
desc:	Musicalclown,playingHaydnonhornsandbells.SiteavailableinDutchandEnglish,includesphotos,records,andotherinformation.

title:	Salvo, Chuck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chucksalvo.com%2F
desc:	Musicandcomedysuitableforallages.Showscheduleandtape/CD-ROMordering.

title:	Satanicide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.satanicide.com%2F
desc:	ParodymetalfromNewJersey.MP3sofsongs,videoclips,photos,andadiscussionboard.

title:	Shaw, Kenny 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kennyshaw.ca%2F
desc:	Canadiancountry/comedymusicentertainer.Bookinginformation,presskit,andphotos.

title:	Sutherland, Buzz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buzzsutherland.com%2F
desc:	Officialsiteofthemanbehindthe"DonaldDuckhavinganorgasm"clip.

title:	Trailer Park Troubadours, The 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unhitched.com%2F
desc:	Musicalcomedyact.Biography,profiles,news,reviews,andartwork.

title:	Tuba Jim & Roy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tubajim.com%2F
desc:	Acomedysitespecializinginparodyandgeneralsillinesswithatechnicolortubaflare.

title:	Turetzky, Ken 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.turetzkysyndrome.com%2F
desc:	Bad-attitude,folk-andblues-basedacousticcomedyatvenuesinTexasandIndiana.Blog,lyrics,music,biography,scheduleandcontactdetails.

title:	Van Tee, Phil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphilvantee.com%2F
desc:	Old-timeymountainbanjo,jokes,storiesandoriginalcomedicsongs.Includedhereareaudioclips,resume,schedule,andcontactinformation.

title:	Van-Dells, The 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.van-dells.com%2F
desc:	Oldiesshowandmusicalcomedy.Nationallytouringbandprovidingupcomingschedule,history,biographiesandcontactinformation.

title:	The Vestibules Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thevestibules.com%2F
desc:	MusicalandsketchcomedyfromCanada.LinkstoMP3saswellasalbumordering.

title:	Weaver, Larry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FPerforming_Arts%2FComedy%2FComedians%2FMusic&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.larryweaver.com%2F
desc:	Offersstand-upcomedy,musicalparodies,searchengineoptimizationtraining,corporateeventspeaking,andentertainmentbooking.BasedoutofRaleigh,NC.

title:	All Gay Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allgaynetwork.net%2F
desc:	Adatabaseofresourcesforevents,meetingandtalking.

title:	BGLAD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bglad.com%2F
desc:	AGay,Lesbian,BisexualandTransgenderdirectoryhelpingyoufindLGBTQsitesandresourcesontheInternet.

title:	Gay America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gayamerica.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofevents,publications,organizations,andwebsites.

title:	Gay and Lesbian Friendly Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gayfriendlybiz.com%2Fnew
desc:	Searchforgay,lesbian,bisexualandtransgenderfriendlybusinesses,services,organizationsandprofessionalsintheUSandCanada.

title:	Gay and Lesbian Yellow Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glyp.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofannualtelephonedirectoriesforthegay,lesbian,bisexualandtransgendercommunity.Advertisersareamixofupscale,gayandgay-friendlybusinessesthathaverecognizedthespendingpowerofanoftenoverlookedcommunity.Listingsbrowsablebycity.

title:	Gay Uncover 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gayuncover.com%2F
desc:	CustomGooglesearchenginewithsamplesofselectedresults.

title:	GayScout 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gayscout.mobi%2F
desc:	Searcheventsandvenuesbydateandcity.Formattedformobileuse.

title:	GLBT World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Fglbtworld%2F
desc:	Linkslistscoveringhealth,films,andothergeneralinteresttopics.

title:	Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Community Resource Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glbtyp.com%2F
desc:	TheintentionoftheLGBTCommunityResourceGuideistoprovideadirectoryofbusinessesandservicesofferedinaGayfriendlyenvironment.

title:	Pridenet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FGay%2C_Lesbian%2C_and_Bisexual%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pridenet.com%2F
desc:	Listingsbygeographiclocationorcategory.

title:	A+TeacherPlace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teacherplace.net%2F
desc:	Linksto1500curriculum,professionaldevelopment,andeducationaltechnologyresourcesontheInternet.

title:	AllSchools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allschools.com%2F
desc:	Asearchableschooldirectorythatliststhename,address,phone,fax,emailandwebaddressformorethan4,000schools.

title:	Annenberg Learner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learner.org%2F
desc:	Offersfreeteacherprofessionaldevelopment,resources,andactivities.

title:	Applied Math and Science Education Repository 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=https%3A%2F%2Famser.org%2F
desc:	Librariansandeducatorsdothefilteringforyou,readtheannouncementseachweeklookingfortheonlineresourcestotheeducationcommunity.

title:	Awesome Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.awesomelibrary.org%2F
desc:	Directoryofselectonlineresourcesrelatingtoeducation.Separateentrypagesforteachers,kids,teens,parents,andlibrarians.Includesasearchengine.

title:	College Directory Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collegedirectorynetwork.com%2F
desc:	Allowsprospectivestudentstoidentify,research,andrequestinformationfromalargedatabaseofpost-secondaryeducationalopportunities.

title:	The Copernicus Education Gateway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edgate.com%2F
desc:	Onlinedirectoryofwebsitesofferingeducationalresources.

title:	Discovery School's Kathy Schrock's Guide for Educators 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fschool.discoveryeducation.com%2Fschrockguide%2F
desc:	KathySchrock'sGuideforEducatorsisacategorizedlistofsitesusefulforenhancingcurriculumandprofessionalgrowth.Includespopularsitesforteachingandlearning.

title:	Dr. Brain's Laboratory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdoctorbrain.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofeducationalwebsitesandprogramswithbriefreviews.

title:	ed-u.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ed-u.com%2F
desc:	Aportalcoveringeducation,news,careers,andschoolissues.Searchabledirectoryof20millioneducationalwebpages.

title:	The Education Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Feducationgo.stormpages.com%2F
desc:	K-12educationresourcesforstudentsandteachers.

title:	Education Library, University of Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.uflib.ufl.edu%2Feduc%2F
desc:	Includeslinkstokeydatabasesandresearchguides.Subjectscoveredincludeavarietyofareassuchaseducationalpsychology,educationaltechnology,andarteducation.

title:	Education Planet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.educationplanet.com%2F
desc:	Helpsteachers,studentsandparentsfindawidevarietyoftheeducationalresourcesavailableontheweb.

title:	Education World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.educationworld.com%2F
desc:	Aresourcewhichincludesasearchengineforthousandsofeducationalresources.

title:	Educational CyberPlayGround 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edu-cyberpg.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofeducationalresourcesandlinksrelatedtocurriculum,arts,technology,andteachers.

title:	English Help for High School Students 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Emegan81%2Fmegan81.html
desc:	AimstohelphighschoolEnglishstudentswiththeirwork.

title:	Federal Resources for Educational Excellence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ed.gov%2Ffree
desc:	Thirtyfederalagenciesprovidingeducationalresourcesincludinglessonplansforallsubjectsandresearchsupportforhomeworkassignments.Linktospecificunitsofstudyoraccesstheuserfriendlysearchengine.

title:	Free Teacher Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.discoveryeducation.com%2Fteachers%2F
desc:	Offersfreeresourcesforelementary,middleandhighschoolteachers,includingpuzzlemakers,studentgames,activitiesandlessonplans.Resourcesareorganizedaccordingtogradelevel.

title:	Free Worksheets and Educational Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.happychild.org.uk%2Fwks%2F
desc:	IndextofreeworksheetsandeducationalresourcesontheInternet;articlesonacceleratedlearning,freereadingsystem,websitebuildingguide;andprojectshelpingdisadvantagedchildrenacrosstheworld.

title:	The Global Schoolhouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalschoolnet.org%2FGSH%2F
desc:	Linkskids,teachersandparentsaroundtheworld.Ithasanimpressiveregistryofinternationalprojectsaswellasteacherresources.

title:	International Education Media 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internationaleducationmedia.com%2F
desc:	Adirectoryofuniversities,colleges,andschoolsworldwide.

title:	Internet Colleges 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internet-colleges.net%2F
desc:	Includesonlinecollegerankings,scholarshipandloanresourcesandlistsofonlinecollegesbystate/country.

title:	Internet Public Library: Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipl.org%2Fdiv%2Fsubject%2Fbrowse%2Fedu00.00.00%2F
desc:	Providescategoricallistsofonlineeducationalresourcesonseveralsubjectssuchasadulteducation,highereducation,K-12education,internationaleducationandvocationaleducation.

title:	Internet Schoolhouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internetschoolhouse.com%2F
desc:	AcollectionofeducationalresourcesontheInternet.

title:	Knowledge Hound 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.knowledgehound.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofhow-tolinks,fromcookingtoprogrammingtosports.

title:	Lesson Planet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lessonplanet.com%2F
desc:	Asearchengineforteachersthatprovidesteacher-reviewedonlineresourcesincludingmorethan150,000onlinelessonplans.

title:	MERLOT  (Multimedia Educational Resource for Learning and Online Teaching) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.merlot.org%2F
desc:	Afreeandopenresourcedesignedprimarilyforfacultyandstudentsofhighereducation.Linkstoonlinelearningmaterialsarecollectedherealongwithannotationssuchaspeerreviewsandassignments.

title:	Mrs. Mitchell's Virtual School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kathimitchell.com%2F
desc:	CategorizedInternetresourcesforkids',teachers',andclassroomuse.Siteslistedbysubjectandgrade.Alsoarticlesoncomputertechnologyintheclassroomandsummerreadinglists.

title:	National Center for Education Statistics: Kids' Classroom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnces.ed.gov%2Fnceskids%2F
desc:	Directoriesofschools,colleges,andlibraries.Games,tools,multimedia,andakidsmagazine.

title:	New South Wales Higher School Certificate Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhsc.csu.edu.au%2F
desc:	AninformationnetworkthatservestheHigherSchoolCertificate(K12)needsofstudents,teachers,schoolsandsubjectassociations.

title:	Paperary Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paperary.org%2F
desc:	Anopendigitallibrary.Containsthousandsofpapersonvariousissuessuchasscienceandeducation.Papersarein.docformat,andaresenttoane-mailaddressusersprovide.

title:	Reach Every Child 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reacheverychild.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforteachersandstudents.

title:	Scholarships for High School Seniors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhighscholarships.com%2Fhigh-school-senior-scholarships.html
desc:	Offersaregularlyupdatedlistofscholarshipsavailableforhighschoolseniors,aswellasinstructionsonhowtoapply.

title:	Scholastic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scholastic.com%2F
desc:	Offersliteracyresourcesforkidsandoutstandingchildren'sbookstoschools,teachers,andfamilies,aswellasprovidingeducationalresourcesforteachersandstudents.

title:	SCORE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.score.k12.ca.us%2F
desc:	Web-basedclassroomresourcesinhistory,math,languagearts,andsocialstudiesfromSchoolsofCaliforniaincludingliteratureguidesformanyK-12titles.

title:	Sites For Teachers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sitesforteachers.com%2F
desc:	NumerouslinkstoeducationalWebsite.Ratingsarerecalculatedeveryhour.

title:	Surfaquarium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsurfaquarium.com%2F
desc:	Educationalresourcesforteachers,studentsandparentsprovidedbyaveteraneducator.

title:	Teach & Learn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.originami.com%2FTeachLearn%2Fhome.htm
desc:	Provideslinksforteachersandstudents.

title:	Teach the Children Well 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teachthechildrenwell.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofsitesforeducatorsbasedonthecurriculumforkindergartenthroughfourthgrade.

title:	Teacher Resources from the Library of Congress 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loc.gov%2Fteachers%2F
desc:	OffersclassroommaterialsandprofessionaldevelopmenttohelpteacherseffectivelyuseprimarysourcesfromtheLibrary'svastdigitalcollectionsintheirteaching.

title:	Teacher TidBytes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teachertidbytes.com%2F
desc:	Internetresourcesbaseduponclassroomcurriculum,kidspages,student-teachertutorials,web-integratedlessonplans

title:	Teaching Resources - National Geographic Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Feducation.nationalgeographic.com%2Feducation%2Fteaching-resources%2F%3Far_a%3D1
desc:	Teachingresources,organizedaccordingtogradelevel,bytheNationalGeographic.

title:	TeachNet.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teachnet.com%2F
desc:	Dailytipsandcreativeideasforbusyteachers.Websiteincludeslessonplans,teacher-to-teacherresourcesandeducationmailinglists.

title:	Topmarks Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topmarks.co.uk%2F
desc:	Educationalsearchengineaimedatteachers,pupilsandparents.

title:	TrackStar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrackstar.4teachers.org%2Ftrackstar%2F
desc:	HelpsinstructorsorganizeandannotateWebsitesforuseinlessons.

title:	UBC Education Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.library.ubc.ca%2Fedlib%2F
desc:	UBC'svirtualeducationlibrary.Providesadatabaseofwebsitesonclassroomresources,researchresources,essentialeducationcontactsandeducationalguides.

title:	The Virtual Schoolhouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibiblio.org%2Fcisco%2Fschoolhouse%2F
desc:	Resourcesforteachersandadministrators.

title:	WannaLearn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wannalearn.com%2F
desc:	Collectionoffreeonlinetutorials,guidesandinstructionallyorientedsites.

title:	Wellington Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wellingtonsquare.com%2Facademy.htm
desc:	Linkstohomeworkhelpsites,encyclopedias,andreferencesites.

title:	WorldInfoZone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldinfozone.com%2F
desc:	Originalcontentonover60areasoftheworldwiththousandsofcheckedlinkscoveringeveryareaoftheschoolcurriculum.

title:	WorldWide Classroom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldwide.edu%2F
desc:	Interculturalandeducationalprogramsaroundtheworldincludinguniversitystudy,adultenrichment,languageimmersion,teencamps,volunteerism,internships,cultural,craftandheritageprograms.Searchablebycountry,interest,andinsixlanguages.

title:	WWW Virtual Library Women's History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iisg.nl%2Fw3vlwomenshistory%2F
desc:	Provideseducationalresourcesonwomen'shistory.Resourcesarelistedbycountry,andbychronologicalandalphabeticalorder.

title:	Yahoo! Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Feducation.yahoo.com%2F
desc:	Onlinedictionary,thesaurus,encyclopedia,testpreparation,homeworkhelp,pluseducationalresourcesforK-12,college,graduateschoolanddistancelearning,andinformationaboutschools,colleges,collegeadmissions,andstudentloans.

title:	Protest.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FActivism%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprotest.net%2F
desc:	Helpspeoplefindoutaboutprogressiveprotest,meetings,pickets,strikes,demonstrations,andconferencesaroundtheworldbyprovidingacentralcalendarwherethetimesandlocationscanbeposted.

title:	Ableize 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ableize.com%2F
desc:	Listsdisabilitygoods,aids,services,informationandmobilityproducts.Includesaccessissues,disabledsportsandthearts.Containsdisabilityrelatednewsandoffersfreelistings.

title:	CODI: Cornucopia of Disability Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcodi.tamucc.edu%2F
desc:	Containsfulltextarticles,directories,andguidestodisabilityinformation,andincludeslinkstootherrelevantdisability-relatedsites.

title:	Disabilities Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.disabilities-online.com%2F
desc:	AnInternetdirectoryofinformationconcerningallaspectsofdisabilities,brokendownintocategories.

title:	disABILITY Information and Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.makoa.org%2F
desc:	Anencyclopediaoflinksthatprovideinformationconcerningdisabilityproducts,research,organizations,events,andpolitics.

title:	Disability Resource Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.disability-resource.com%2Fdisabilityresource.html
desc:	ApublicservicedirectoryfromOnlineConnection,Manhattan,Kansas,providinganannotatedandalphabeticallistingofdisability,medicalandhealthResources.

title:	Eagle Disabled Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eagle.co.uk%2Fdisabled
desc:	Disabledresources,includingmobilityproducts.

title:	Family Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.familyvillage.wisc.edu%2F
desc:	Informationalresourcesonspecificdiagnoses,communicationconnections,adaptiveproductsandtechnology,adaptiverecreationalactivities,education,worship,healthissues,disability-relatedmediaandliterature.

title:	Independent Life Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilresources.com%2F
desc:	Linkstodisabilityresources.

title:	International Center for Disability Resources on the Internet (ICDRI) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icdri.org%2F
desc:	Directoryofdisability-relatedInternetresources.

title:	Top Disability Websites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FDisabled%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topdisabilitywebsites.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofdisabilityrelatedwebsitesthatprovideresourcesandservicestothedisabledcommunity.

title:	A-Zeta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FAffari%2FRisorse%2FDirectory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.a-zeta.it%2F
desc:	Elencodiimpreseorganizzatopercategorie.

title:	Aziende.it 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FAffari%2FRisorse%2FDirectory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aziende.it%2F
desc:	Databaseconsultabilediaziendeitalianeconunapresenzaweb.

title:	IndoNetwork 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FDirektori&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indonetwork.co.id%2F
desc:	BerisidaftarberbagaiperusahaandanprodukdariIndonesia.Terdapatfasilitaspencarian.

title:	Informasi Bisnis dan Keuangan - Kompas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FDirektori&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbisniskeuangan.kompas.com%2F
desc:	Menyediakaninformasidanberitatentangbisnisdankeuangan,indeksbursa,valas,danforumdiskusi.

title:	Mal Kelapa Gading 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FDirektori&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.malkelapagading.com%2F
desc:	PusatperbelanjaandiKelapaGadingJakarta.Situsberisidaftaracara,pertokoan,informasijajanandanhiburan.

title:	2itch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.2itch.com%2F
desc:	Onlineguidetovariousestablishmentsthatoffer24-hourservices.Includeslistingsofrestaurants,stores,clinics,barsandclubs,pharmacies,cafesanddelis.Mapsincluded.

title:	B2BYellowPages.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.b2byellowpages.com%2F
desc:	Abusiness-to-businessdirectorythatallowsbusinessestolocateotherbusinessesfortheirproductandserviceneeds.

title:	BAMinfo, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baminfo.com%2F
desc:	Linkstobusinessandmoneyresources.

title:	Best of the Web Local 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flocal.botw.org%2F
desc:	Anonlinedirectorythatprovidesinformationandlocationsoflocalbusinessesinthesurroundingarea.

title:	Biztrict 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biztrict.com%2F
desc:	Freeworldwidedirectoryforcompanies,withdetailedbusinessprofiles,specialoffers,leadsandjobs.

title:	Bocat B2B Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bocat.com%2F
desc:	AB2Bmarketplaceresourceguide,thatincludesnewsandinformation.

title:	Brokers Search Engine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brokers-search-engine.com%2F
desc:	Listsstock,Forex,insurance,realestate,freight,auto,boatandbusinessbrokersbycategoryandwordsearch.

title:	Business Seek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.businessseek.biz%2F
desc:	Businesstobusinessinformationdirectoryandsearchenginedesignedtohelpusersfindcompanies,servicesandproducts.Offersasiteandrelatedarticlesubmissionservice.

title:	Business.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.business.com%2F
desc:	Adirectoryofbusinesswebsites.

title:	EC21 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ec21.com%2F
desc:	B2Bmarketplaceanddirectory,connectingglobalbuyerswithmanufacturers,suppliersandexportersworldwide.

title:	Forplex Business Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forplex.com%2F
desc:	Asearchabledirectoryofcategorizedwebsites.

title:	Hoover's Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoovers.com%2F
desc:	Hoover'sproprietarycompanyprofilesandindustryinformation.

title:	IFMA FM  Buyer's Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fonlinefmguide.com%2F
desc:	Databasededicatedtofacilitymanagementprofessionals,helpingthemfindproductsandservices.

title:	Industrial Quick Search 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.industrialquicksearch.com%2F
desc:	Averticalproductdirectoryforbuyers,engineersandspecifiers.

title:	Industrial Resource Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.powersourcing.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofsuppliers,withasearchengineandlargeindexpage.

title:	Jasmine Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jasminedirectory.com%2F
desc:	Adirectoryofbusinesswebsitesandservices.Topicbasedandregionalcategoriesareavailable.

title:	Maker's Row 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmakersrow.com%2F
desc:	Providesaccesstoindustry-specificfactoriesandsuppliersacrosstheUnitedStates,helpinglargecorporationstofirsttimedesignersfactorysourcetheirmanufacturingneedswithintheUnitedStates,simplyandeasily.

title:	Petroleum Equipment Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pei.org%2Fsearch%2F
desc:	Petroleummarketingandliquidhandlingequipment.

title:	Pipeline Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pipedir.com%2F
desc:	Referencesourcetocompaniesandorganizationsintheoil,gas,water,wastewater,andassociatedpipelineindustriesworldwide.

title:	PR.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pr.com%2F
desc:	Findbusinesses,products,services,jobs.Alsoofferscompanyprofiles,pressreleasedistributionandpublishedarticles.

title:	SearchSystems.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpublicrecords.searchsystems.net%2F
desc:	Collectionoffreepublicrecordsdatabases.SpecializesinU.S.records,butalsoincludesCanadianandWorldwideinformationsources.

title:	ToffsWorld.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toffsworld.com%2F
desc:	Portalofluxurygoodsandservicesofferinganexclusivedirectoryofhighcalibrecompanies.

title:	Tradekey.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tradekey.com%2F
desc:	Globaltrademarketplaceconnectingmanufacturersandbuyersforinternationaltrade.

title:	Webotopia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webotopia.org%2F
desc:	Businesswebdirectorydesignedtopromotecompanies,productsandservices.

title:	Websters Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webstersonline.com%2F
desc:	Onlinedirectoryofbusinessessearchablebyproducts,services,SICcodesandNAICScodes.Providescontactinformationwebsitelinks.

title:	World Access Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wand.com%2F
desc:	Connectssellerswithbuyersaroundtheworld.

title:	World Chambers Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldchambers.com%2F
desc:	GlobalnetworkofChambersofCommerce.

title:	Not So Boring Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.notsoboringlife.com%2F
desc:	Ablogabouthobbieswithadirectoryofarticles.

title:	Deetz.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FRelaties%2FDating%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deetz.nl%2F
desc:	Onafhankelijkoverzichtenrecensiesvandatingsites.

title:	InternetDaten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FRelaties%2FDating%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internetdaten.nl%2F
desc:	Overzichtpaginametdatingsites.Veelbekendesiteswordenbeschreven.

title:	Online dating portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FRelaties%2FDating%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onlinedatingportal.nl%2F
desc:	OverzichtvandeNederlandsedatingsites,algemenedatingtipsenuitgaantips.

title:	PlentyofFish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FRelaties%2FDating%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plentyoffish.nl%2F
desc:	OverzichtvanveledatingsitesdieNederlandkent,verdeeldincategorieen.Voorelkesitewordtbekekenhoeveelledendezeheeft,verhoudingm/v,gratisofnietetc.

title:	Start2Date.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FRelaties%2FDating%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.start2date.nl%2F
desc:	Maakverschillendekeuzesenkrijgeenoverzichtgeschiktedatingsite.

title:	Vergelijk-dating.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FRelaties%2FDating%2FIndexen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vergelijk-dating.nl%2F
desc:	VergelijkbetrouwbaredatingsitesvanNederland!

title:	LASER Latin American Studies Southeast Region 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flal.tulane.edu%2F
desc:	AconsortiumofacademiclibrariesdevotedtothecooperativecollectingofresearchmaterialsonLatinAmericaandtheCaribbean.Includesabriefdescriptionandlinksofeachcollection'ssubjectstrengths.

title:	LLEK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fllek.de%2Fenglish%2Fregional%2Fsouth_america%2Fsdamerik_e.htm
desc:	ContainsrelatedresourcesandspecialstartingpointsconcerningSouthAmericanhistory,politics,nature,society,culture,economicandenvironment.

title:	US Department of State - Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fwha%2F
desc:	ManagingandpromotingU.S.interestsintheregionbysupportingdemocracy,tradeandsustainableeconomicdevelopment,andfosteringcooperationonissuessuchasdrugtraffickingandcrime,povertyreductionandenvironmentalprotection.

title:	Te Puna Web Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebdirectory.natlib.govt.nz%2Fdir%2Fen%2Fpacific%2F
desc:	DirectoryofPacificIslandwebsites,maintainedbytheNationalLibraryofNewZealand,TePunaMataurangaoAotearoa.

title:	European Search Engines, Directories and Lists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netmasters.co.uk%2Feuropean_search_engines%2F
desc:	AdirectoryofEuropeansearchengines.

title:	Bargain Travel Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bargaintraveleurope.com%2F
desc:	Apersonalguide,witharticlesoncountriesandplacestovisit.

title:	Choice Way Travel Guides 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.choiceway.com%2F
desc:	Downloadmultimediatravelguidestoyourpalmpilot.IncludesinformationforLondon,NewYork,ParisandSanFrancisco.

title:	CityGuide Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcityguide-europe.com%2F
desc:	Includesbriefinformationaboutanumberofcitiesinover20differentEuropeancountries.

title:	Directory of Destinations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.directoryofdestinations.com%2F
desc:	AselectionofcityguidesbytravelwriterGarethDavies.Includeslinkstopublishedarticles.

title:	Europe for Visitors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Feuropeforvisitors.com%2F
desc:	Articles,links,photosandresourcesforplanningaEuropeantrip.FromauthorDurantImboden.

title:	Europe Up Close 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europeupclose.com%2F
desc:	Traveltipsanddestinationinformationformajorlocations.

title:	European Budget Travel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurapart.com%2F
desc:	Informationoncheapaccommodationandtravel.

title:	European Travel Commission's Guide to Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visiteurope.com%2F
desc:	Offerspracticalinformationincludingvacationandtravelplanningservices,latestnewsandcalendarofeventsandlinkstocountryspecificsites.

title:	European Travel Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.driveeurope.com%2F
desc:	Sourceoforganizeddrivingtours,carandmotorhomerentals,hotelandtourguide.

title:	Grounded Travel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.groundedtravel.com%2F
desc:	HowtotraveloverlandacrossEuropebytrain,busandferry.Findinformation,tickets,maps,andstories.

title:	Group-Trotter.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.group-trotter.net%2F
desc:	Resourcedirectoryforgrouptravelplanners.IncludessuggestionsandideasofplacestovisitwithintheUnitedKingdom,IrelandandFrance.

title:	Hike Now 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hikenow.net%2F
desc:	TripandhikeadviserfortravelersthroughEurope.Descriptionofmountainroutes,shorttripstocitiesofEuropeanddescriptionfrompersonaltravelexperience.

title:	In Your Pocket 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inyourpocket.com%2F
desc:	PublishesEuropeancityguides.Thisportalincludesinformationontransportation,visas,restaurants,nightlife,transportationandtouristinformation.

title:	LatLon Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latlon-europe.com%2F
desc:	AguidetomajorcitiesinGermany,France,andSwitzerland.

title:	Mikestravelguide.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmikestravelguide.com%2F
desc:	DestinationinformationforpopularcitiesthroughoutEurope.Includeseatingrecommendations,hotelsuggestions,informationongettingthereandgettingaround,thingstoseeanddo,andtraveltips.

title:	Rick Steves' Europe Through the Back Door 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ricksteves.com%2F
desc:	Tripplanningadvice,forums,railpassguide,tourinformation,andonlinesalesofguidebooks,maps,andotherresources.

title:	Stroll On 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strollon.co.uk%2F
desc:	AudiotoursforLondon,Paris,Prague,Amsterdam,andVenicedownloadablestraighttoyouriPodoranyotherMP3Player.

title:	Travel Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.travelswise.com%2F
desc:	TravelinformationforEuropeandestinations.

title:	Travel Guides by Dana Facaros and Michael Pauls 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffacarospauls.com%2F
desc:	GuidestoItaly,France,SpainandGreece,withlinkstootherbooksandwritingsbytheauthors.

title:	Almania Information Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.almania.info%2F
desc:	WebsitelistinginformationandrelatedresourcesinGermany,includinguniversityhospitals,healthcareservices,embassiesandcompanies.[english,arabic]

title:	CIA - TheWorld Factbook: Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fgm.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Germany Business Etiquette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.executiveplanet.com%2Findex.php%3Ftitle%3DGermany
desc:	AguidetoGermanbusinesscultureandprotocol.

title:	Germany Guide for Children 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.freeuk.net%2Felloughton13%2Fgermany.htm
desc:	AnintroductiontoGermanyforK-7.Visitthezoo,findmapsandfacts,designtouristpageandlearnaboutthecountry.

title:	Germany.info 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.germany.info%2F
desc:	OffersinformationonGermany.OfficialpublicationoftheGermanEmbassy,theGermanConsulatesGeneralandtheGermanInformationCenterinUnitedStates.

title:	Nations Online: Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsonline.org%2Foneworld%2Fgermany.htm
desc:	AlinklistofsomesitesrelevanttoGermanyincludinggovernmentpagesandnewspapers.

title:	soc.culture.german FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.watzmann.net%2Fscg%2Findex.html
desc:	Frequentlyaskedquestionsandanswersfontraditions,culture,history,urbanlegends;howtomove/travel/liveto/inGermany;Goetheinstitutes,government;internationalmoneytransfer;audio/videonorms,broadcasting,newsmedia;languagelearning,software.

title:	US Department of State - Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feur%2Fci%2Fgm%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fdetoc.html
desc:	August1995countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FGermany
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Action Asia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.actionasia.com%2F
desc:	Magazinecoveringadventuretravel,actionsports,andtripplanningthroughoutAsia.

title:	Colors of Asia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcolors.of.asia.free.fr%2F
desc:	PhilippePrenasprovidesaphotographgallery,traveltipsandhotelbookingforMalaysia,Indonesia,Philippines,Vietnam,Laos,China,HongKong,Taiwan,andThailand.

title:	Passplanet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.passplanet.com%2F
desc:	atravelguidethatoffersbackpackinginformationaboutChina,Macauandsouth-eastAsia.

title:	Travel Notes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.travelnotes.org%2FAsia%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationfortravellerstoAsia.

title:	TravelForum.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FTravel_Guides&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftravelforum.org%2F
desc:	ThailandandIndonesia(specificallyBaliandLombok)messageboardsandvisitorinformation,includingaguidetobusinesseswhichshouldbeavoided.

title:	Bangladesh Yellow Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers%2FYellow_Pages%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bgyellowpages.com%2F
desc:	BusinessdirectoryofBangladesh.

title:	Chandigarh City Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers%2FYellow_Pages%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchandigarhcity.info%2F
desc:	Offersbusinessinformationforthisindiancity.

title:	China Business Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers%2FYellow_Pages%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chinainfo.org%2F
desc:	ProvideslistofChinesecompaniesinEnglishwithcontactinformation.

title:	Hyderabad Yellow Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers%2FYellow_Pages%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fullhyderabad.com%2Fhtdocs%2Fyellow_pages%2Fhome.phtml
desc:	Directoryofbusinesses,professionals,corporates,institutionsandservicesintheHyderabad.

title:	Sulekha Yellow Pages India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers%2FYellow_Pages%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fyellowpages.sulekha.com%2F
desc:	OffersasearchableonlineIndianbusinesslistings.

title:	Taiwan  Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FDirectories%2FAddress_and_Phone_Numbers%2FYellow_Pages%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tw-online.com.tw%2F
desc:	Businessdirectory.

title:	Asian Products 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asianproducts.com%2F
desc:	AdatabasepresentingAsianproductsandAsiansupplierstointernationalvolumebuyers.

title:	Hiasia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiasia.com%2F
desc:	Asiabusinessresourcesandfreebulletinboardforimporter/exporters.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-16218112
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fuz.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FUzbekistan.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	NationMaster - Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FUzbekistan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	UNDP in Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uz.undp.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformationaboutthecountry,plusfocusedinformationabouteconomics,socialconditions,environment,health,andU.N.programsrelatedtotheseareas.

title:	US Department of State - Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fuz%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fuztoc.html
desc:	March1996countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Uzbekistan Resource Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurasianet.org%2Fresource%2Fuzbekistan%2F
desc:	GeneralresourceforUzbekistaninformationatEurasianet.

title:	Uzland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tashkent.org%2Fuzland%2F
desc:	DirectoryofsitesrelatedtoUzbekistan

title:	Wikipedia - Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FUzbekistan
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Turkmenistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-16094646
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Turkmenistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Ftx.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Turkmenistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FTurkmenistan.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	NationMaster - Turkmenistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FTurkmenistan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Turkmenistan Chaihana Links Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chaihana.com%2Flinks.html
desc:	CollectionofTurkmenistanresourcesontheinternet.

title:	UNESCO WebWorld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unesco.org%2Fwebworld%2Ffocus_central_asia%2Fturkmenistan.html
desc:	Facts,policiesandprogrammesforTurkmenistan.

title:	US Department of State - Turkmenistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Ftx%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Turkmenistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Ftmtoc.html
desc:	March1996countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Turkmenistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTurkmenistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FTurkmenistan
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Yemen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FYemen%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14704852
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA World Factbook: Yemen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FYemen%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fym.html
desc:	Containsinformationaboutthecountry,politicalsystem,geography,people,military,economyandtransportation.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Yemen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FYemen%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FYemen.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Hejlah - The Country and People of Yemen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FYemen%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hejleh.com%2Fcountries%2Fyemen.html
desc:	ProvidesgeneralinformationfromtheColumbiaUniversityPressalongwithadirectoryofcategorisedweblinks.

title:	NationMaster - Yemen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FYemen%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FYemen
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Yemen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FYemen%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fnea%2Fci%2Fym%2Findex.htm
desc:	CountryportaloffersasimplemapandlinkstootherU.S.governmentpublications,mostrequiringadditionalnavigationtofindcountry-specificinformation.

title:	Wikipedia - Yemen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FYemen%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FYemen
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Yemen Findouter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FYemen%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.findouter.com%2FYemen%2F
desc:	AcategorizeddirectoryofwebsitesrelatedtoYemen.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: East Timor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTimor-Leste%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-14919009
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: East Timor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTimor-Leste%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Ftt.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - East Timor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTimor-Leste%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FEast-Timor.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	ETAN - East Timor and Indonesia on the World Wide Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTimor-Leste%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etan.org%2Fresource%2Fwebsites.htm
desc:	Categorizedandannotatedlinksdirectory.

title:	NationMaster - East Timor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTimor-Leste%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FEast-Timor
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State -  East Timor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTimor-Leste%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Ftt%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	Wikipedia - East Timor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTimor-Leste%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FEast_Timor
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	About Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aboutthailand.info%2F
desc:	Generaldirectorysortedbycategory.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-15581957
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fth.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FThailand.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Modern Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modernthailand.com%2F
desc:	Thailand'sbusinessandtraveldirectoryfeaturingcategorizedlistingswithfreeregistrationinEnglish,ChineseandThai.

title:	NationMaster - Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FThailand
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	ThailandGuru 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thailandguru.com%2F
desc:	Guideforexpatriateslivingandworkinginthecountry.

title:	US Department of State - Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fth%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fthtoc.html
desc:	September1987countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FThailand
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Breuer-Cartoon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHumor%2FCartoons_und_Bilder&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.breuer-cartoon.de%2F
desc:	MartinBreuersCartoonsausPolitik,Wirtschaft,Medien,WissenschaftzumRunterladen.

title:	Al-bo.it 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FUmorismo_e_Satira%2FVignette&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.al-bo.it%2F
desc:	PresentaleoperedelvignettistasatiricoAlfredoBodano,riportaanchealcunibranimusicali.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-16567315
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.[sitemightnotbeaccessiblefromVietnam.]

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fvm.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FVietnam.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Living in Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.livinginvietnam.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesawindowonlifeinVietnam.Interviewsandarticlesonexpatlife,cultureandsocietyalongwithguidesandresources.

title:	NationMaster - Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FVietnam
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	United Nations Agencies in Viet Nam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.un.org.vn%2F
desc:	OfficialcoordinationsiteprovidesinformationontheactivitiesandprogressoftheUNagenciesworkinginthecountry.Includespublicationsandreports.

title:	US Department of State - Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fvm%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fvntoc.html
desc:	December1987countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Vietnam Provinces 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.statoids.com%2Fuvn.html
desc:	Detailedsummaryofpopulations,areameasuresandregionallocationsofthevariousprovincesincludinghistoricalchangessince1900.

title:	Vietnam Websites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvietnamwebsite.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryofwebsitesinVietnamalongwithstatisticsonVietnamesedomainregistrations.[Vietnamese,English]

title:	VietnamOnline.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vietnamonline.com%2F
desc:	Directoryandyellowpagesforpeopleconsideringvisitingorinvestinginthecountry.Includesproductlocator,businesspartneringandinternethostingservice.

title:	Wikipedia - Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FVietnam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FVietnam
desc:	Encyclopediaentryincludesinformationonhistory,geography,anddemographics.[PagemightnotdisplayfullcontentwhenaccessedfromVietnam]

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-16164639
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Ftw.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FTaiwan.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Information on Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ait.org.tw%2Fen%2F
desc:	AcollectionofTaiwan-relatedInternetresources.ByAmericanInstituteinTaiwan.

title:	NationMaster - Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FTaiwan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Taiwan Fun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taiwanfun.com%2F
desc:	Cityandcountryguidewitharticlesontravel,dining,shopping,nightlife,entertainmentandculturespecificallyinTaipei,Taichung,Kaohsiung,Tainan.

title:	U.S. Department of State - Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Ftaiwan%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,pressreleases,andtheAmericanInstituteinTaiwan.

title:	Wikipedia - Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FTaiwan
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	AllSrilanka.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allsrilanka.com%2F
desc:	SriLankadirectoryandreferenceguide.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-south-asia-11999611
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	Ceylon-Online Dictionary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ceylon-online.com%2F
desc:	Includesnews,weather,exchangerates,information,andaSinhala-Englishdictionary.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fce.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FSri-Lanka.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	NationMaster - Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry%2Fce-sri-lanka
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	OurLanka.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ourlanka.com%2F
desc:	Anexclusivewebguideanddirectory.

title:	Sinhalaya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sinhalaya.com%2F
desc:	Localnews,events,information,music,andbusinessdirectory.

title:	Sri Lanka Search Engine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lankatopten.com%2F
desc:	SearchEngine,WebdirectoryandinformationdatabaseforSriLanka

title:	US Department of State - Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fce%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Flktoc.html
desc:	October1988countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	A Virtual Library of Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lankalibrary.com%2F
desc:	Informationonpeopleandethnicgroups,traditionsandrituals,languagesandliterature,artsandentertainment,travel,tourism,universities,etc.

title:	Wikipedia - Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSri_Lanka
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: South Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-15289563
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - World Fact Book - South Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fks.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Republic of Korea (ROK) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FKorea-Republic-of-ROK.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Korea Bridge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.koreabridge.com%2F
desc:	Aguideincludingmaps,eventslistings,jobs,andforums.

title:	Korea Studies Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkoreanstudies.com%2F
desc:	InformationgatewayonKoreaandKoreanstudies.

title:	Korea.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.korea.net%2F
desc:	Portalsiterunbygovernmentalagency,KoreaInformationService(KOIS).Webdirectory,news,andfactsaboutthecountry.

title:	Life in Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifeinkorea.com%2F
desc:	Culture,language,food,sports,shopping,lodging,transportation,travel,customs,andhistory.Alsohasdiscussionboard,e-cards,linkstosocialorganizationsandclubsforexpatriates.

title:	NationMaster - South Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FSouth-Korea
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - South Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fks%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: South Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fkrtoc.html
desc:	June1990countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - South Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSouth_Korea
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	ZIP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.zip.org%2F
desc:	DirectoryofKoreanrelatedsites.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14702226
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fqa.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FQatar.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Explore-Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.explore-qatar.com%2F
desc:	Portalprovidesnewsandinformationwithcommunitypages,contacts,events,expatriateresourcesandmonthlymagazinearticles.

title:	Hejlah - The Country and People of Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hejleh.com%2Fcountries%2Fqatar.html
desc:	ProvidesgeneralinformationfromtheColumbiaUniversityPressalongwithadirectoryofcategorisedweblinks.

title:	NationMaster - Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FQatar
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fnea%2Fci%2Fqa
desc:	CountryportaloffersasimplemapandlinkstootherU.S.governmentpublications,mostrequiringadditionalnavigationtofindcountry-specificinformation.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fqatoc.html
desc:	January1993countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Qatar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FQatar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FQatar
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Tajikistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTajikistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-16201032
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Tajikistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTajikistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fti.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Tajikistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTajikistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FTajikistan.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Eurasianet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTajikistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurasianet.org%2Fresource%2Ftajikistan%2F
desc:	InformativepagesonTajikistan,links.

title:	NationMaster - Tajikistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTajikistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FTajikistan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Tajikistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTajikistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fti%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Tajikistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTajikistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Ftjtoc.html
desc:	March1996countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Tajikistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTajikistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FTajikistan
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Cheap Hostels Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FLodging%2FGuides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cheaphostelsjapan.com%2F
desc:	ListingofcheaphostelsinTokyoandKyotoJapan.Reservatione-mailissenttohotelsdirectly.

title:	Japan Hotel Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FLodging%2FGuides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.j-hotel.or.jp%2F
desc:	Hotelguide,search,andonlineroomreservations.

title:	Japan Youth Hostels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTravel_and_Tourism%2FLodging%2FGuides&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jyh.or.jp%2F
desc:	DirectoryofJapanesehostelsaffiliatedwithHostellingInternational(HI);reservationinformation.

title:	Asian American Net: Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asianamerican.net%2Fsingapore.html
desc:	ListingofSingaporewebsites,withanemphasisongovernmentandbusiness.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-15961759
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fsn.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FSingapore.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	NationMaster - Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FSingapore
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	sgcGO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsgcgo.com%2F
desc:	SGCGOdeliverslocalinformationontravel,sales&promotion,news,lifestyle,food,andevents.

title:	TheSmartLocal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesmartlocal.com%2F
desc:	Travel,Food,Hotel,ShoppingandLifestylereviewsbylocalexpertswhoshareinformationoneverythingimaginableinSingapore.

title:	TradeWatch: Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dfat.gov.au%2Fgeo%2Fsingapore%2Findex.html
desc:	Economicinformation,traveladvice,anddiplomaticrelationsbetweenAustraliaandSingapore.FromtheAustralianDepartmentofForeignAffairsandTrade.

title:	US Department of State - Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fsn%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fsgtoc.html
desc:	December1989countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Singapore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FSingapore
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-europe-17839672
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	Bucknell University - Russian Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.departments.bucknell.edu%2Frussian%2F
desc:	Annotatedlinksonhistory,culture,includingfeminismandfolklore,politics,economics,philosophy,language,geography,media.

title:	CIA World Factbook - Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Frs.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FEurope%2FRussia.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Friends & Partners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.friends-partners.org%2Ffriends%2F
desc:	JointlydevelopedbycitizensoftheUSandRussia.Search,discussionsinthe"CommunityCorner",andchatroom.

title:	NationMaster - Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FRussia
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Russia on The Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.valley.net%2F%7Etransnat%2F
desc:	AprimaryaccesstoallwebsitesrelatedtoRussia

title:	Russiacompany.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.russiacompany.com%2Frussia.htm
desc:	CollectionoflinkstoRussiansites.

title:	US Department of State -  Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feur%2Fci%2Frs%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Frutoc.html
desc:	July1996countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FRussia
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Artes De Las Filipinas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artesdelasfilipinas.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesarticlesandphotographsonPhilippineartsandantiquities.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: The Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-15521300
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Frp.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FPhilippines.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Facts at a Glance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asiaspirit.com%2Fa-ph.htm
desc:	Quickfactsonlandarea,population,money,andtypeofplugsforappliances.

title:	Go Baguio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gobaguio.com%2F
desc:	CompleteguidetothecityofBaguio.

title:	Grabeh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grabeh.com%2F
desc:	Searchengineandportalwithnews,chatrooms,messageboardsandgames.

title:	Hanappinoy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hanappinoy.com%2F
desc:	SearchablePhilippinewebdirectory.

title:	Images Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imagesphilippines.com%2F
desc:	Featuresimages,photographs,andartworksofandaboutthePhilippines,itspeople,itslandscapeanditsculture.

title:	NationMaster - Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FPhilippines
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Ortigas Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ortigas.com%2F
desc:	Providesnews,informationandinteractivebuildingandstreetmapofOrtigasCenter,Manila.

title:	Philippine Companies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philippinecompanies.com%2F
desc:	Businesslocatordirectoryincludingaddress,phonenumbers,andemail.

title:	The Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philippines.hvu.nl%2F
desc:	Awebsitewithinformationabouttheislands.Themesarehousing,transportation,volcanoes,climate,forests,coralreefs,mountaintribes,animals,markets,geo-energy,fruitandvegetables.

title:	Philippines: A Module and Resources Link for Teachers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seasite.niu.edu%2FTagalog%2Fphilippines_module_for_teachers_FS.htm
desc:	Anintroductiontothegeographyandcultureofthecountry,includinglanguages,history,government,economy,religion,politics,folkbeliefs,games,food,andothertopics.

title:	Ratified.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ratified.org%2F
desc:	DirectoryofPhilippineblogsaccordingtoTechnoratidata.

title:	Top Blogs Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topblogs.com.ph%2F
desc:	Blogdirectoryorganizedbypopularity.

title:	US Department of State - Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Frp%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fphtoc.html
desc:	June1991countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wazzup Manila 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wazzupmanila.com%2F
desc:	Thelatestinlifestyle,trendsandnewsintheMetroManilaarea.Thesitealsohasforum,businessdirectoryandclassifiedads.

title:	Wikipedia - Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FPhilippines
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-south-asia-12965779
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fpk.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.encyclopk.com%2F
desc:	Articlesrelatingtothecountryincludingcategoriessuchasplaces,foreignrelationsandfashion.Humanedited.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FPakistan.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Introduction to Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geographia.com%2Fpakistan%2F
desc:	Briefguidetothecountry.

title:	NationMaster - Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FPakistan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Pak Watan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fal%2Fbadela%2F
desc:	OffersgeneralinformationaboutPakistan.

title:	Pakistan Pot Pourri 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fumersalim.tripod.com%2F
desc:	APakistanisitewithfunandgeneralinformation.

title:	Swat Valley, A Paradise on Earth. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swatvalley.com%2F
desc:	Asitedepictinghistory,cultureandcivilizationofSwatValley.

title:	US Department of State - Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fpk%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fpktoc.html
desc:	April1994countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FPakistan
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Oman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14654150
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Oman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fmu.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Oman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FOman.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Hejlah - The Country and People of Oman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hejleh.com%2Fcountries%2Foman.html
desc:	ProvidesgeneralinformationfromtheColumbiaUniversityPressalongwithadirectoryofcategorisedweblinks.

title:	NationMaster - Oman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FOman
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Oman Findouter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.findouter.com%2FOman%2F
desc:	CategorizedEnglish-languagewebsitesrelatedtoOman.

title:	Oman Studies Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oman.org%2F
desc:	AguidetoinformationandwebresourcesonOman,providedbytheOmanStudiesCentre,adocumentationcentrespecializingontheSultanateofOman.

title:	Oman Yellow Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omantel-yellowpages.com%2F
desc:	Listsvariouscompanies.OffersalsoMuscatSecuritiesMarketdata,healthrelatedandtouristinformation.

title:	US Department of State - Oman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fnea%2Fci%2Fmu
desc:	CountryportaloffersasimplemapandlinkstootherU.S.governmentpublications,mostrequiringadditionalnavigationtofindcountry-specificinformation.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Oman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fomtoc.html
desc:	January1993countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Oman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FOman
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Arab Decision - Palestine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arabdecision.org%2Fcoun_sel_3_6.htm
desc:	Profilesofpeopleandinstitutionsinthecountry,organizedbytopicandsearchablebyname.

title:	ArabBay.com - Palestine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arabbay.com%2FArab_Countries%2FPalestine
desc:	DirectoryandsearchengineforPalestineandotherArabiccountries.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Palestinian Territories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14630174
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: West Bank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fwe.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	CIA - World Factbook: Gaza Strip 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fgz.html
desc:	Overviewwithinformationaboutthegeography,people,government,economy,communicationsandtransportation.

title:	Hejleh - The Country and People of Palestine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hejleh.com%2Fcountries%2Fpalestine.html
desc:	Directoryofcategorised,annotatedweblinkswithabriefoverviewofthecountry.

title:	NationMaster - Gaza Strip 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FGaza-Strip
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthearea,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	NationMaster - West Bank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FWest-Bank
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthearea,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Palestinian Territories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fnea%2Fci%2Fpt%2Findex.htm
desc:	CountryportaloffersasimplemapandlinkstootherU.S.governmentpublications,mostrequiringadditionalnavigationtofindcountry-specificinformation.

title:	Wikipedia - Palestinian Territories 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FPalestinian_territories
desc:	HyperlinkedencyclopediaarticleprovidesinformationaboutthePalestinianterritories,thePalestinianAuthority,warsandconflicts,occupations,history,andproposalsforastate.

title:	Wikipedia - State of Palestine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FPalestine%2C_State_of%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FState_of_Palestine
desc:	Crowdsourcedencyclopediaarticleaboutthehistoryandlegalstatusofthestateproclaimedin1988.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Mongolia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fmg.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Infosystem Mongolei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuserpage.fu-berlin.de%2F%7Ecorff%2Finfomong.html
desc:	AnjournalonMongolianhistory,factsandevents,inGermanandEnglish.

title:	The Land of Genghis Khan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalgeographic.com%2Ffeatures%2F97%2Fgenghis%2F
desc:	FromtheNationalGeographicSociety.

title:	Mongolia Reference Section 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuserpage.fu-berlin.de%2F%7Ecorff%2Fim%2FLandeskunde%2Foverview.Landeskunde.html
desc:	Mongoliafactfilesandrelatedinformation.

title:	Mongoluls.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmongoluls.net%2F
desc:	InformationaboutdifferentaspectsofMongolia.

title:	US Department of State - Mongolia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fmg%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Mongolia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fmntoc.html
desc:	June1989countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Virtual Mongol 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiku.com%2Felectric_samurai%2Fvirtual_mongol%2F
desc:	IncludesphotosofMongoliannature,people,religion,andhistory.Alsohasacollectionoflinks.[English,Japanese]

title:	Wikipedia - Mongolia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMongolia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FMongolia
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Nepal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-south-asia-12511455
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Nepal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fnp.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Nepal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FNepal.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Explorenepal.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.explorenepal.com%2F
desc:	Searchengineanddirectory.Alsooffersfreeemail,alumnidatabases,chat,discussionboardsandgreetingcards.newsandphotosofthecountry.

title:	NationMaster - Nepal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FNepal
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	NepalHomepage.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nepalhomepage.com%2F
desc:	Featureslocalnews,photos,stockandweatherupdates,travelguide,classifieds,forums,chat,onlinephonedirectoriesandgeneralinformationaboutNepal.

title:	NepalLink.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nepallink.com%2F
desc:	Presentsawebdirectoryfortheregion

title:	US Department of State - Nepal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fnp%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Nepal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fnptoc.html
desc:	Offersdetailedinformationonthecountryinvarioussubjectsincludinggeography,people,culture,religion,ethnicity,economy,employmentandothertopicsfromtheUSLibraryofCongress.

title:	US Library of Congress - Portals to the World: Nepal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loc.gov%2Fitem%2F2001627650%2F
desc:	Annotateddirectoryofselectedonlineresources.

title:	Wikipedia.org - Nepal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNepal%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FNepal
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: North Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-15256929
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: North Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fkn.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Korea, Democratic People's Republic of (DPRK) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FKorea-Democratic-People-s-Republic-of-DPRK.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	Infoplease: Korea, North 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoplease.com%2Fipa%2FA0107686.html
desc:	Conciseoverviewofthecountry'sgeography,governmentandhistoryalongwithamap,statistics,fastfactsandtheColumbiaEncyclopediaarticle.

title:	NationMaster - North Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FNorth-Korea
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	The New York Times - Topics: North Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nytimes.com%2Ftopic%2Fdestination%2Fnorth-korea
desc:	Collectionofrecentandarchivednewsandcommentary,photos,multimediaandselectedwebresources.

title:	US Department of State - North Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fkn%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: North Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fkptoc.html
desc:	June1993countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia:  North Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FNorth_Korea%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FNorth_Korea
desc:	Detailedencyclopediaarticle,availableinnumerouslanguages,includesfactsandfigures,linkstorelatedtopics.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fmy.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Home.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.net.my%2F
desc:	Directoryofsitesandbusinessbystatesbylocalitiesandcategories.Includesforum,chat,andmailservices.MaintainedbyARLHomeCommunicationsSdnBhd.

title:	Hoolala Dot Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoolala.com%2F
desc:	Providesdirectoriesoffurnituresuppliers,foodbeverageandfisheries.Includeslistingandproductadvertisements.

title:	Information Research Bureau: Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Firb11.tripod.com%2Firbhome%2F
desc:	Aresearchresourcescenter,withresearchlinkagesfromarcheologicaldatabasetovirtuallibraries.Agoodstartingpointforseriousresearchers,studentsandacademiciansdoingresearchonMalaysia.

title:	M-Sia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.m-sia.com%2F
desc:	Malaysiaportal.Businessinformation,forum,chat,friendmaker,gamesandwebdirectory.

title:	Malaysia Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.malaysiadirectory.com%2F
desc:	ProvidescategoriesofMalaysiansiteaswellassearchengine.Includes,job,realestate,automobile,shoppingcentres,webemailande-postcard.

title:	MSN Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msn.com.my%2F
desc:	Informativeportalwithnews,events,freedownloadsandasearchbox.

title:	TV Smith's Malaysia Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mycen.com.my%2F
desc:	StartingpointtohundredsofMalaysianonlinedestinations.Offerslinksandasearch.

title:	US Department of State - Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fmy%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	Webportal.com.my 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webportal.com.my%2F
desc:	Providesauction,search,classifieds,newsfeeds,forums,SMS,match-makingandfreeemailaccounts.

title:	All About Myanmar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allmyanmar.com%2F
desc:	Countryguideandphotosectionwithpanoramapictures,animatedslideshowande-book.

title:	Ayinepan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ayinepan.com%2F
desc:	MyanmarwebdirectorywithdiscussionforumsandanonlineEnglish-Myanmardictionary.

title:	CIA - The World Fact Book: Burma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fbm.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	MODiNS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modins.net%2F
desc:	Myanmaronlineportalprovidinginformationonbusiness,tourism,entertainmentandelectronicservices.

title:	Myanmar Telephone Directory and Official Yellow Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myanmar-yellowpages.com%2F
desc:	AJointPublicationByMyanmarPostsandTelecommunicationsandAdvancedCommunicationsMyanmarCo.,Ltd.

title:	Myanmar Yellow Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myanmaryellowpages.biz%2F
desc:	Directoryofbusinessesandservices,searchablebyname,location,orcategory.

title:	Myanmar's Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myanmars.net%2F
desc:	Travelinformation,locationinformation,lodging,andsights.

title:	Myanmardotcom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myanmardotcom.com%2F
desc:	Dailyupdatednews,culture,Myanmarrecipes,Myanmar-Englishcookingingredientdictionary,andlinkstootherMyanmar-relatedsites.

title:	US Department of State - Burma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fbm%2F
desc:	Countryportaloffersamapandlinkstobackgroundnotes,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualhumanrightsreportsandothermajorreportsincludingindustrymarketreports.

title:	Yangonow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMyanmar%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yangonow.com%2Feng%2F
desc:	Information,dailynews,andessaysfromMyanmar.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Maldives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMaldives%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fmv.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Look Maldives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMaldives%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lookmaldives.com.mv%2F
desc:	Directoryofsitesrelatedtothecountry.

title:	This is Maldives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMaldives%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thisismaldives.com%2F
desc:	CountryguideandtravelinformationonMaldives.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Maldives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMaldives%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fmvtoc.html
desc:	August1994countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	A WorldRover Guide: Maldives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMaldives%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldrover.com%2Fcountry%2Fmaldives_main.html
desc:	Maldivesmaps,facts,andtravelguides.

title:	Alan's Macau Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMacao%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.banoffeepie.com%2Falan%2Fmg%2F
desc:	ApersonalguidetothebesthighlightsofMacau,withlotsofpictures.

title:	City Guide of Macau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMacao%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cityguide.gov.mo%2F
desc:	AprojectdevelopedbytheMacauMunicipalCounciltoprovideinformationforcitizensandtourists.

title:	CyberCTM.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMacao%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyberctm.com%2Fen%2Findex.php
desc:	PortalanddirectoryofbusinessesandservicesinMacau.

title:	US State Department - Background Notes: Macau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMacao%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fr%2Fpa%2Fei%2Fbgn%2F7066.htm
desc:	Factsabouttheland,people,history,government,politicalconditions,economyandforeignrelations.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Kyrgyzstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-16186907
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Kyrgyzstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fkg.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Kyrgyzstan Resource Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurasianet.org%2Fresource%2Fkyrgyzstan%2F
desc:	GeneralresourceforKyrgyzstaninformationfromtheeurasianet.org.

title:	NationMaster - Kyrgyzstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FKyrgyzstan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	United Nations in Kyrgyzstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.un.org.kg%2F
desc:	UNofficialsiteprovidesnewsandinformationaboutthecountry,jointprogrammingandactivities,events,MDG,CCAandUNDAF.[English,Russian]

title:	US Department of State - Kyrgyzstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fkg%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Kyrgyzstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fkgtoc.html
desc:	March1996countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Laos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FLaos%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-15351898
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Laos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FLaos%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fla.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Lao People's Democratic Republic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FLaos%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FLao-People-s-Democratic-Republic.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	NationMaster - Laos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FLaos%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FLaos
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Laos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FLaos%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fla%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Laos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FLaos%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Flatoc.html
desc:	July1994countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	US Library of Congress - Portals to the World: Laos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FLaos%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loc.gov%2Frr%2Finternational%2Fasian%2Flaos%2Flaos.html
desc:	Annotateddirectoryofselectedonlineresources.

title:	Wikipedia - Laos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FLaos%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FLaos
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Kuwait 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14644252
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Kuwait 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fku.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Hejlah - The Country and People of Kuwait 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hejleh.com%2Fcountries%2Fkuwait.html
desc:	ProvidesgeneralinformationfromtheColumbiaUniversityPressalongwithadirectoryofcategorisedweblinks.

title:	NationMaster - Kuwait 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FKuwait
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Q80 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkuwaitq8.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Informationalresourcefeaturinggovernment,economy,geography,culture,history,tourism,pictures,links,GulfWar,religion.

title:	US Department of State - Kuwait 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fnea%2Fci%2Fku
desc:	CountryportaloffersasimplemapandlinkstootherU.S.governmentpublications,mostrequiringadditionalnavigationtofindcountry-specificinformation.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Kuwait 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fkwtoc.html
desc:	January1993countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Kuwait 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FKuwait
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-15263826
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fkz.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FKazakhstan.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	EurasiaNet: Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurasianet.org%2Fresource%2Fkazakhstan
desc:	Resourcepage.Newsaboutpolitical,economic,environmentalandsocialdevelopmentsinKazakhstan.

title:	Kazak Info 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kazakinfo.com%2F
desc:	FAQandinformationaboutthecities,theKazakhpeopleandculture,thegeography,government,religionandeconomy.Includesforum.

title:	KazakhstanLive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kazakhstanlive.com%2F
desc:	Newsandbackgroundinformationaboutpolitics,economy,cultureandgeographyofKazakhstan.Photogallery,Flashvideoclips.

title:	National Geographic - Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftravel.nationalgeographic.com%2Ftravel%2Fcountries%2Fkazakhstan-guide%2F
desc:	Fastfactsalongwithvideos,musicclips,photogalleriesandnavigable,zoomablemaps.

title:	NationMaster - Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FKazakhstan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fkz%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fkztoc.html
desc:	March1996countryprofileplusinformationabouthistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Kazakhstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FKazakhstan
desc:	Hyperlinkedfreeencyclopediaarticle,coversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Al Mashriq - Lebanon Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Falmashriq.hiof.no%2Flebanon%2Findex.html
desc:	CategorizeddirectorylistingofmanyLebanon-relatedsubjects.

title:	ArabBay.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arabbay.com%2FArab_Countries%2FLebanon%2F
desc:	DirectoryandsearchengineforLebanon.AlsosectionsforeachArabcountry.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Lebanon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14647308
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Lebanon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fle.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Cyberia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thisiscyberia.com%2F
desc:	Lebaneseportalincludesheadlinelinks,webmail,fax,mapsandtravelinformation.[Arabic,English]

title:	Hejleh - The Country and People of Lebanon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hejleh.com%2Fcountries%2Flebanon.html
desc:	ProvidesgeneralinformationfromtheColumbiaUniversityPressalongwithadirectoryofcategorisedweblinks.

title:	Leb.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leb.net%2F
desc:	AcollectionofLebaneselinks.

title:	Lebanon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fi-cias.com%2Fe.o%2Flebanon.htm
desc:	FlagandcountryfactsfromEncyclopediaoftheOrient.

title:	Lebanon Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elkhazen.org%2Flebanon%2Fdefault.asp
desc:	Featuresahistoryofthecountry,facts,photosanddescriptionsofpopularmenuitems,andadirectory.

title:	Lebanon Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lebindex.com%2F
desc:	InternetdirectoryforLebanon.

title:	Lebanon Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fanoos.com%2F
desc:	CategorizeddirectoryofLebanesewebsitesrelatingtonews,sports,education,cultures,andtourism.

title:	Lebanon the Cedars' Land 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FLebanon%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftyros.leb.net%2F
desc:	GeneralinformationonLebanon.Includesmaps,cityinformation,music,andwritingsbyGibranKhalilGibran.[English,French,Spanish,Portuguese,German,Czech,andArabic]

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fja.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Essential, Informed, and Intriguing Sites About Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culture-at-work.com%2Fjpnlinks.html
desc:	AcollectionofJapanlinkscoveringculture,history,society,economy,arts,andreligion.

title:	A Guide to Aichi and Mie Free Net Facilities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geocities.co.jp%2FHeartLand-Keyaki%2F8985%2Fe-index.html
desc:	FreeinternetfacilitiesandvariouslibrarieswithaudiovisualinformationinAichiandMieprefectures.

title:	Irish and Celtic Ring Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.gol.com%2Fusers%2Fceltic%2FWebRing%2Fring.html
desc:	RingforwebsitesbasedonIrish/CelticandJapanesecultural,socialandeconomicrelations.

title:	Japan and Japanese at Your Fingertips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uni.edu%2Fbecker%2Fjapanese.html
desc:	LinksdirectoryonJapanwithawiderangeofinformation.

title:	Japan Hot Spots 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2FAndy_Shuttleworth%2F
desc:	SelectivelistofJapanrelatedlinks.

title:	The Japan Page.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thejapanpage.com%2F
desc:	GeneralinformationaboutJapan.

title:	Japan Reference (JREF) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jref.com%2F
desc:	AdirectoryrelatedtoJapanandJapaneseculture.

title:	Japan.co.jp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.japan.co.jp%2F
desc:	AsearchandwebdirectoryfortheinternationalcommunityseekinginformationaboutJapan.

title:	Japannet.de - Links to Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.japannet.de%2F
desc:	LargeandmonthlyupdatedlinkcollectionaboutJapanandespeciallyKyoto.

title:	Stockton's Japan Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjlarrystockton.com%2FStocktoj%2Fjapanl.html
desc:	Government,business,traditionalandregionalJapanlinks.

title:	US Department of State - Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fja%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fjptoc.html
desc:	January1994countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Web Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb-japan.org%2F
desc:	DatabaseonJapanesesociety,culture,geography,politics,travel,sports,science,andeconomy.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Iraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14542954
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Iraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fiz.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Government of Iraq Debt Reconciliation Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eyidro.com%2F
desc:	Officialsiteprovidespressreleases,informationoncommercialclaimsandarbitrationprocedures.

title:	Hejlah - The Country and People of Iraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hejleh.com%2Fcountries%2Firaq.html
desc:	ProvidesgeneralinformationfromtheColumbiaUniversityPressalongwithadirectoryofcategorisedweblinks.

title:	Iraqi News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iraqinews.com%2F
desc:	Countryguideprovidinginformationonthecountry,itspoliticalsituation,politiciansandparties.Includeseditorials,linksfornewsfrominternationalsourcessortedbyissue,musicfordownload,adiscussionforumandlinksforrelatedsites.

title:	NationMaster - Iraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FIraq
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Iraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fnea%2Fci%2Fiz
desc:	CountryportaloffersasimplemapandlinkstootherU.S.governmentpublications,mostrequiringadditionalnavigationtofindcountry-specificinformation.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Iraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fiqtoc.html
desc:	May1988countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Iraq 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIraq%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FIraq
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	AdmiNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adminet.com%2Fworld%2Fir%2F
desc:	LinkstoIranianwebsites.

title:	Arash.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arash.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesaimagegalleryofTehran,andapoliticalhistoryandprofileofmodernIran.Offersnewsandcurrentevents,aswellasadirectoryoflinks.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Iran 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14541327
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Iran 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIran%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fir.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Central, Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centralhk.com%2F
desc:	Providesaguidetoentertainment,services,facilitiesandeventsinCentral.Managedbyapropertydeveloper.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fhk.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	US State Department - Background Notes: Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fr%2Fpa%2Fei%2Fbgn%2F2747.htm
desc:	Backgroundnotesontheland,people,history,government,politicalconditions,economyandforeignrelations.

title:	Wikipedia - Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FHong_Kong
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthearea'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-middle-east-14628835
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fis.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Gov.uk - UK and Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gov.uk%2Fgovernment%2Fworld%2Fisrael
desc:	InformationonBritishpassports,visas,tradeandinvestment.

title:	Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Israel in Brief 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mfa.gov.il%2Fmfa%2Ffacts%2520about%2520israel%2Fisrael%2520in%2520brief%2F
desc:	FindinformationaboutIsrael'sculture,education,governmentandsociety.

title:	Maven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maven.co.il%2F
desc:	JewishandIsraeldirectorywiththousandsoflinks.

title:	NationMaster - Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FIsrael
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fnea%2Fci%2Fis
desc:	CountryportaloffersasimplemapandlinkstootherU.S.governmentpublications,mostrequiringadditionalnavigationtofindcountry-specificinformation.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Filtoc.html
desc:	December1988countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FIsrael
desc:	Crowd-sourcedencyclopediaarticleabouttheMiddleEasterncountry.

title:	China Internet Information Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.china.org.cn%2F
desc:	AuthorizedportalsiteestablishedbytheChinesegovernment.

title:	China-Kontor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chinakontor.de%2F
desc:	Portalsitewithnews,information,shoppingstores,forum,mailinglistandlinks.

title:	China-on-site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.china-on-site.com%2F
desc:	Coveringculture,food,literature,art,music,gardensandtravel.

title:	Chinasite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chinasite.com%2F
desc:	Linkcollectionorganisedbytopic,somewithannotations.CategoriesinChineseandEnglish.

title:	Chinese Culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchineseculture.about.com%2F
desc:	About.comguidetotravel,arts,history,games,foodandtraditions.Includeschat,forum,newsandweeklyarticles.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: China 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fch.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Eastday 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenglish.eastday.com%2F
desc:	Shanghai-basedportalwithnewsandentertainmentandtravelinformation.

title:	Internet Guide for China Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsun.sino.uni-heidelberg.de%2Figcs%2Findex.html
desc:	AnnotatedlistofacademicsitesdealingwiththeGreaterChinaarea.

title:	US Department of State - China 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fch%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: China 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fcntoc.html
desc:	July1987countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Yutopian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yutopian.com%2F
desc:	PortalsitewithinformationonChineseculture,directoryandshoppingcentre.

title:	About Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fggdavid.tripod.com%2Fgeorgia%2Findex.htm
desc:	Providesanoverviewofthenation,aswellasinformationonthehistory,geography,climate,language,traditions,cultureandsociety.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-europe-17301647
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fgg.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	GeoWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fshoshia.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofsitesrelatedtothecountry,sortedbytopic.

title:	Internet.ge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internet.ge%2F
desc:	DirectoryandsearchengineforGeorgiansites.

title:	NationMaster - Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FGeorgia
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Republic of Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fga%2Fgeorgian%2Fhistory.html
desc:	Providesadetailedguidetothenationanditshistory.

title:	Rustaveli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Frustaveli.tripod.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationonGeorgianhistory,culture,literatureandreligion.

title:	Sakartvelo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sakartvelo.com%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationonGeorgianpolitics,business,economy,history,religion,arts,cultureandpolitics.

title:	US Department of State - Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feur%2Fci%2Fgg%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fgetoc.html
desc:	March1994countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Welcome to Sakartvelo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.georgianweb.com%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationonGeorgianlanguage,music,history,religionandentertainment.

title:	Wikipedia - Georgia (country) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FGeorgia_%28country%29
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Yell.ge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.yell.ge%2F
desc:	Categorizedbusinessdirectorywithaddresses,telephoneandfaxnumbers.[Georgian,English,Russian]

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FCambodia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-13006539
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FCambodia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fcb.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	NationMaster - Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FCambodia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FCambodia
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	US Department of State - Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FCambodia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fcb%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FCambodia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fkhtoc.html
desc:	December1987countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FCambodia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FCambodia
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Atlapedia: Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBhutan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atlapedia.com%2Fonline%2Fcountries%2Fbhutan.htm
desc:	Overviewofgeography,history,culture,languages,climateandeconomy.

title:	Banknotes.com: Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBhutan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.banknotes.com%2Fbt.htm
desc:	ContainsimagegalleriesofBhutanesebanknotes.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBhutan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fbt.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	InfoPlease: Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBhutan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoplease.com%2Fipa%2FA0107341.html
desc:	Includesnationalflagandoverviewofgeography,history,population,governmentandothergeneralinformation.

title:	US Department of State - Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBhutan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fbt%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBhutan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fbttoc.html
desc:	September1991countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	World66.com Guide to Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBhutan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.world66.com%2Fasia%2Fsouthasia%2Fbhutan
desc:	Featuresinformationonhistory,travel,sights,accommodationandculture.

title:	WorldRover Guide: Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBhutan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldrover.com%2Fcountry%2Fbhutan_main.html
desc:	Bhutanmaps,factsandtravelguides.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Brunei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBrunei_Darussalam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-12990058
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Brunei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBrunei_Darussalam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fbx.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Encyclopedia of the Nations - Brunei Darussalam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBrunei_Darussalam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationsencyclopedia.com%2FAsia-and-Oceania%2FBrunei-Darussalam.html
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthecountry'sgeography,people,government,economyandtourism.FromThomsonGale.

title:	NationMaster - Brunei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBrunei_Darussalam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FBrunei
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Sultanate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBrunei_Darussalam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sultanate.com%2F
desc:	News,videoandgeneralinformationaboutBruneianditsroyalfamily.

title:	US Department of State - Brunei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBrunei_Darussalam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fbx%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	Wikipedia - Brunei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBrunei_Darussalam%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FBrunei
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-asia-pacific-14921238
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	Belindo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.belindo.com%2F
desc:	Aportalfortravel,geography,culture,andnature,includingrecipesandlatestnewsaroundIndonesia.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fid.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Indocenter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indocenter.com%2F
desc:	Indonesianportalwithdirectoryandnews.

title:	Indonesia Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.swipnet.se%2Fzabonk%2Findons%2F
desc:	Acronyms,maps,fastfactsandbibliography,togetherwithadirectoryofIndonesianlinks.

title:	NationMaster - Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FIndonesia
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Start Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.startindonesia.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryofIndonesianandinternationalsites.

title:	US Department of State - Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feap%2Fci%2Fid%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fidtoc.html
desc:	November1992countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FIndonesia
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Bangla 2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bangla2000.com%2F
desc:	AgeneralportalforBangladesh.

title:	Bangladesh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcountrystudies.us%2Fbangladesh%2F
desc:	Astudyreportdiscussedabouthistoricalsetting,societyanditsenvironment,economy,governmentandpoliticsofthecountry.

title:	Beteleco-Bangladesh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.betelco.com%2Fbd%2F
desc:	Containsinformationofcountry'seconomy,languages,touristattractions,Bangladeshimissionsandinvestmentopportunities.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Bangladesh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fbg.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	US Department of State - Bangladesh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fbg%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Bangladesh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fbdtoc.html
desc:	September1988countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Velki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.velki.com%2F
desc:	News,greetings,webhosting,searchengine,andawebdirectory.

title:	Virtual Bangladesh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtualbangladesh.com%2F
desc:	Presentssightsandsoundswithonlinechatandforums,informationonhistoryandculture,politics,geographyandclimate.

title:	WorldRover Guide - Bangladesh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FBangladesh%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldrover.com%2Fcountry%2Fbangladesh_main.html
desc:	Providescountrymaps,facts,history,travelguidesandembassydetails.

title:	Armeniapedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArmenia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.armeniapedia.org%2F
desc:	AnonlineencyclopediaabouteverythingrelatedtoArmeniaandArmenians.

title:	Cilicia.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArmenia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cilicia.com%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationonArmeniantouristattractions,genocide,ahalloffameandinformationaboutthechurch.

title:	Haias.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArmenia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhaias.net%2F
desc:	Aportalincludingpictures,briefdetailsabouthistory,ahalloffame,recipes,jokesandlinks.

title:	RepublicofArmenia.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArmenia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Frepublicofarmenia.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesinformationaboutArmenia,business,news,arts,cultureandhistory.

title:	StartArmenia.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArmenia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstartarmenia.com%2F
desc:	Directoryoftop400mostpopularandimportantsitesfromArmenia.

title:	Tourism Armenia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArmenia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tourismarmenia.net%2F
desc:	Acountryguideprovidinginformationonhistory,entertainment,holidays,festivals,andspecialevents.

title:	AAEC - The Association of American Editorial Cartoonists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Feditorialcartoonists.com%2F
desc:	ViewdailyeditorialcartoonsandcaricaturesbyprofessionalandstudentpoliticalcartoonistsintheUnitedStatesandCanada.

title:	Adbusters - Spoof Ads 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adbusters.org%2Fgallery%2Fspoofads
desc:	Galleryofspoofcorporateadvertisementsforfashion,alcohol,tobaccoandfood.

title:	All Hat No Cattle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allhatnocattle.com%2F
desc:	Politicalcartoons,phototoons,animations,andotherhumorsatirizingtheconservativerightintheUnitedStates.

title:	Art Faux's  Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artfaux.com%2F
desc:	Politicalandeditorialcartoonsinafineartsetting,offeringanewimageeachMonday,WednesdayandFriday.

title:	Artizans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artizans.ca%2F
desc:	Offersglobalpoliticalcartoons.

title:	Baldy Editorial Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdlg.galileo.usg.edu%2Fbaldy.html
desc:	Onlinecollectionofover2500editorialcartoonsdatingfrom1946to1997,byCliffordH.Baldowski.

title:	Bendib Cartoon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bendib.com%2F
desc:	Agalleryof120recentpoliticalcartoonsbyK.Bendibaimedatbothreadersandeditors.

title:	Bongo Toons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.africaserver.nl%2Fbongotoons%2F
desc:	Virtualexhibitionshowingover200cartoonsby11leadingTanzaniancartoonists.

title:	Brick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brickbats.co.uk%2F
desc:	Cartoons,caricaturesandillustrationsbyUKcartoonist/writerBrick(JohnStuartClark)coveringinternationaldevelopmentissues.IncludesUNICEFChildren'sRightscomicsandworkshopprogrammes.

title:	Cartoon Free America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonfreeamerica.com%2F
desc:	Allowscreativeartiststodonatetheirworktoworthypoliticalandsocialcausesfornon-commercialuse.Workavailableonvariouspoliticaltopicsincludingenvironmentalismandactivism.

title:	Cartoon News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonnewsmagazine.com%2F
desc:	Cartoonpoliticalmagazine.

title:	Cox and Forkum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coxandforkum.com%2F
desc:	EditorialcartoonistsfortheobjectivistmagazineTheIntellectualActivist,andothers.

title:	Creators: Editorial Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creators.com%2Feditorialcartoons.html
desc:	GatewaytorecentcartoonsfromartistscarriedbyCreatorsSyndicate.

title:	CSL NewsCartoon Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonstock.com%2Fnewscartoons%2Fnewscartoon.asp
desc:	Onlinemarketplacewhereprofessionalcartoonistscanuploadnewsrelatedcartoonsandclientscansearch,licenseanddownloadtheimagesforweborprintpublishing.

title:	Danzinger Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.danzigercartoons.com%2F
desc:	CartoonsbyJeffDanzingeroftheLosAngelesTimes,syndicatedbyTribuneMedia.

title:	Daryl Cagle's Professional Cartoonists Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cagle.com%2F
desc:	Extensivedailycompilationofeditorialcartoonsfromaroundtheworldcoveringcurrentissuesandfigures.Offerse-mailnewsletterandsubscriptionservice.

title:	Dave Granlund 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davegranlund.com%2F
desc:	Editorialcartoonistandillustrator'sgallery.

title:	The Doonesbury Electronic Town Hall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doonesbury.com%2F
desc:	AccesstoasearchabledatabaseofDoonesburycomicstrips,anddailynewsupdates.

title:	Editorial Cartoons of Clay Bennett 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.claybennett.com%2F
desc:	Latestwork,archivedcartoonsandanimationsfromthecartoonistforTheChristianScienceMonitor.

title:	Fiore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.markfiore.com%2F
desc:	MarkFiore,left-wingpoliticalcartoonistandformerstaffcartoonistattheSanJoseMercuryNewspresentsaweeklyanimatedcartoon.Alsoagallery,cartoonarchivesandcreatorprofile.RequiresFlash.

title:	goComics: Editorials 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gocomics.com%2Fexplore%2Feditorials
desc:	Portalforcurrentandarchivedworksofseveraldozensyndicatednewspapereditorialcartoonists.

title:	Guardian Unlimited: Election Cartoons Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theguardian.com%2Fpolitics%2Fgall%2F0%2C9352%2C488233%2C00.html
desc:	SelectedcartoonscoveringtheUKgeneralelectionsin1959,1966and1997,withcommentary.CompiledbyTheGuardian.

title:	HarpWeek - Presidential Election Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Felections.harpweek.com%2F
desc:	CollectionofcartoonsandprintscommentingonUnitedStatespresidentialelectionsfrom1860-1884.

title:	Herblock's History: Political Cartoons from the Crash to the Millennium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loc.gov%2Frr%2Fprint%2Fswann%2Fherblock%2F
desc:	LibraryofCongressExhibitionfeaturingHerbertBlock'seditorialcartoons,includinganessaybyBlockoncartooning.

title:	Independent Lens - The Political Dr. Seuss 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Findependentlens%2Fpoliticaldrseuss%2F
desc:	Filmexploresalittle-knownsideofDr.Seuss:hisworkasapoliticalcartoonistandachampionofprogressiveidealsthroughchildren'sbooks.

title:	Ink Paper 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkpaper.it%2Findexing.html
desc:	IncludesexamplesofEuropeanpoliticalsatireintheformofcartoons,"postcardnewspapers"andothermedia.

title:	InToon.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intoon.com%2F
desc:	EditorialcartoonsbyMikeKeefeoftheDenverPost.Includesbiographyandsearchablearchive.

title:	Jardim cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fart2%2Fjardim-cartoons%2F
desc:	PoliticalcartoonsbyGeraldJardim.

title:	Lick The Light 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lickthelight.com%2F
desc:	CartoonscoveringdifferentviewsoftheAmericanflag.

title:	MacKay -- Editorial Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mackaycartoons.net%2F
desc:	Dailyupdatedandarchivedpoliticalillustrations.

title:	Mikhaela-Land 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mikhaela.net%2F
desc:	WeeklyleftisteditorialcartoonsandfrequentlyupdatednewsweblogfromBostonPhoenixcartoonistMikhaelaBlakeReid.

title:	Moir, Alan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moir.com.au%2F
desc:	Recentandarchivedfavoritecartoons,caricatures,essays,andaguidetobeginningcartoonsbytheSydneyMorningHeraldcartoonist.

title:	Oliphant's Anthem 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loc.gov%2Fexhibits%2Foliphant%2F
desc:	LibraryofCongressexhibitionfeaturingtheworkofPulitzerPrizewinningcartoonist,PatOliphant.

title:	Otoons - Political Jokes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.otoons.com%2Fpolitics.htm
desc:	PoliticaljokesandcartoonsbyOsho.

title:	Pet President 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petpresident.com%2F
desc:	BobAulandNathanCallahan,oftheOCWeeklyandFrictionmagazine,takeontheWhiteHouseandallthingspolitical.

title:	The Political Cartoon Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.original-political-cartoon.com%2F
desc:	Aimstopromotethepoliticalcartoon.Cartoongallery,exhibitioncalendar,andinformationaboutitspoliticalandhistoricalcartoonarchives.

title:	Political Cartoons - About.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalhumor.about.com%2Fcs%2Fcartoons%2F
desc:	Anannotatedlistingoflinkstoeditorialcartoons,comicstrips,andanimationscoveringcurrentpoliticaltopicsinthenews.

title:	Political Cartoons By RJ Matson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rjmatson.com%2F
desc:	EditorialCartoonsandIllustrationsbyRJMatsonfromtheNewYorkObserver,RollCall,CityLimits,MADMagazine,TheNewYorker,andotherpublications.

title:	Political Cartoons of the Lilly Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiana.edu%2F%7Eliblilly%2Fcartoon%2Fcartoons.html
desc:	CollectionofcaricaturesrangingindatefromtheRevolutionaryWartotheWarof1812tothepresidentialelectionsof1860and1864whichbroughtAbrahamLincolntotheWhiteHouse.

title:	Political Strikes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.politicalstrikes.com%2F
desc:	Offersdailycartoonsandhumorpokingfunattheanticsofconservativepoliticians.

title:	PoliticalCartoons.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.politicalcartoons.com%2F
desc:	CollectionofeditorialcartoonsupdateddailyandhostedbySlateMagazine.Alsoincludesateachersguideforusingthecartoonsintheclassroom,andacomprehensivelistingofeditorialcartoonistsontheweb.

title:	Puck's Homepage: United Mugwumps and the Masses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fxroads.virginia.edu%2F%7EMA96%2FPUCK%2F
desc:	AnalyzescartooningaswellastheGildedAgeofpoliticalcultureanddiscusseshowthecartoonsinJosephKeppler'ssatiricalmagazinePuckconveyedtheliberalviewpointduringthe1880s.

title:	Sage, Ink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theatlantic.com%2Funbound%2Fsage%2Findex.htm
desc:	PoliticalcartoonsbySageStosselforTheAtlanticMonthly

title:	Scott Clissold 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPolitics%2FNews_and_Media%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottclissold.com%2F
desc:	WorkfromtheestablishedUKcaricatureartistandillustrato.Editorialillustration,specialisingincaricatureandcartoonartfornewspapersandmagazines.

title:	Azerbaijan Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.azeri.net%2Fazerbaijan%2F
desc:	Generalinformationaboutthecountryalongwithnews,music,tourism,economy,cuisineandcityguides.

title:	Azerbaijan.az 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.azerbaijan.az%2F
desc:	PortalprovidesnewsandsectionsonAzerbaijan'snature,history,economics,culture,politics,Karabakhconflictandmaps.

title:	Baku Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bakupages.com%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationaboutAzerbaijanandBaku.Includessuchsectionsasnews,economics,politics,cultureandmusiclibrary.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-europe-17043424
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Faj.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Eurasianet.org - Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurasianet.org%2Fresource%2Fazerbaijan%2F
desc:	Collectionofinformationandlinksaboutthecountry.

title:	NationMaster - Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FAzerbaijan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	Travel-images.com - A to Z of Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.travel-images.com%2Faz-summary.html
desc:	Alphabeticallistofvarioustopicsaboutthecountry.Includesphotosandinteractivemap.

title:	U.S. Library of Congress Country Study - Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Faztoc.html
desc:	March1994countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	US Department of State - Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Feur%2Fci%2Faj%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	Virtual Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zerbaijan.com%2F
desc:	AninternetresourcesitededicatedtoAzerbaijan.

title:	Wikipedia - Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FAzerbaijan
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	Yellow Pages: Azerbaijan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yellowpages.az%2F
desc:	OffersnamesandonlinecontactsofvariousinstitutionsoperatinginAzerbaijan.

title:	Afghana.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fafghana.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryofwebsitesandinformationaboutAfghanistan.Includeschat,forumandajournal.

title:	Afghanistan Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.afghan-web.com%2F
desc:	News,economy,culture,geography,politics,sports,photogallery,recipes,plants,animals,andflags.

title:	BBC News - Country Profile: Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fnews%2Fworld-south-asia-12011352
desc:	Providesoverview,keyfactsandevents,timelinesandleaderprofilesalongwithcurrentnews.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Faf.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	EurasiaNet's Afghanistan Resource Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurasianet.org%2Fresource%2Fafghanistan%2F
desc:	Linkstopolitical,economic,environmentalandsocialweb-sitesrelatedtoAfghanistan.

title:	Geographic.org - Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theodora.com%2Fwfbcurrent%2Fafghanistan%2F
desc:	Informationfrom1989-2008CIAFactbooks,alongwithnationalrankingsandphotos.

title:	National Geographic: Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftravel.nationalgeographic.com%2Fplaces%2Fcountries%2Fcountry_afghanistan.html
desc:	Fastfactsalongwithvideos,musicclips,photogalleriesandnavigable,zoomablemaps.

title:	NationMaster - Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationmaster.com%2Fcountry-info%2Fprofiles%2FAfghanistan
desc:	Profileincludesinformationforvariousaspectsofthecountry,withaspecialemphasisonstatisticsandrankings.

title:	UIC - Research Guide to Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuiuc.libguides.com%2Fcontent.php%3Fpid%3D84962%26sid%3D632940
desc:	ExtensivelistofprintandonlineresourcesrelatingtoAfghanistan,fromtheUniversityLibraryoftheUniversityofIllinoisatUrbana-Champaign.

title:	US Department of State - Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Faf%2F
desc:	CountryportaloffersamapandlinkstoBackgroundNotes,CountryStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsReportsandothermajorreportsincludingIndustryMarketReports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Faftoc.html
desc:	1997countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Wikipedia - Afghanistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FAfghanistan
desc:	Hyperlinkedencyclopediaarticlecoversthecountry'shistory,governmentandpolitics,geography,economy,demographics,languageandculture.

title:	121 India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.121india.com%2F
desc:	Portalwithnews,entertainment,matrimonials,andbusiness.Providefreeemail.

title:	123India.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.123india.com%2F
desc:	ListingsofIndia-relatedinformation,andlinkstonews,weatherandtopicalsites.

title:	CIA - The World Factbook: India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cia.gov%2Flibrary%2Fpublications%2Fthe-world-factbook%2Fgeos%2Fin.html
desc:	Featuresmapandbriefdescriptionsofthegeography,people,government,economy,communications,transportation,militaryandtransnationalissues.

title:	Culturopedia.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culturopedia.com%2F
desc:	Includesasetofshortarticlesoncultureandheritage,architecture,music,dance,fairsandfestivals,andotherculturaltopics.

title:	Geographica Indica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kamat.com%2Findica
desc:	History,geography,maps,sights,andstories.Includesportraits,monuments,andtimelines.FromKamat'sPotpourri.

title:	Hindustan.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hindustan.net%2F
desc:	CategorisedandannotatedlistsofwebsitesrelevanttoIndia.

title:	Index Mundi - India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indexmundi.com%2Findia%2F
desc:	Information,links,andcomparativestatisticswithexplanations,onthecountry.

title:	India Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiainformation.com%2F
desc:	Offersinformationontravel,culture,education,cityguides,andnews.

title:	India Server 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.india-server.com%2F
desc:	Featuringawebsitedirectory,news,weatherforecast,recipes,andinformationonfestivals.

title:	India Temples Info 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiatemplesinfo.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationonfamoustemplesinIndia,astrology,festivals,yoga,meditation,tours&travel,shopping,jokes,andmantras.

title:	Indiabook.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Findiabook.com%2F
desc:	SearchableWebdirectoryofsitesspecifictoIndia,withhitcountforeachlink,andthemeansforuserstoratethevalueofeachlink.

title:	Indian Mirror 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianmirror.com%2F
desc:	Guideofferinginformationonarts,culture,tradition,people,religion,cuisine,games,history,geographyandtouristspots.

title:	Indiastat.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiastat.com%2F
desc:	Providescountryspecificstatisticalinformationaboutmanyareasofinterest.Onlypartofsiteaccessiblewithoutfurtherregistrationandlogin.

title:	My-india.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.my-india.net%2F
desc:	Directoryofwebsites,andsomenewslinks.

title:	National Portal of India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Findia.gov.in%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheGovernmentofIndia,withadirectoryofofficialwebsitesofvariousdepartments,organisationsandagencies.

title:	US Department of State - India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.state.gov%2Fp%2Fsca%2Fci%2Fin%2F
desc:	Countryportaloffersamapandlinkstobackgroundnotes,countrysStudy,theUSembassyandthecurrentambassador,USAIDpage,pressreleases,factsheets,annualHumanRightsreportsandothermajorreports.

title:	US Library of Congress - Country Study: India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Flcweb2.loc.gov%2Ffrd%2Fcs%2Fintoc.html
desc:	September1995countryprofileprovidesinformationaboutitshistoricalsetting,societyandenvironment,economy,governmentandpolitics,andnationalsecurity.

title:	Webindia123.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webindia123.com%2F
desc:	Givesaninsighttohistory,wildlifeandreligion.

title:	Where In City 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whereincity.com%2F
desc:	Includesyellowpages,classifieds,stateandlocalinformation,andlistings.

title:	Wikipedia - India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FIndia
desc:	Accountofthecountry,itsgeography,people,politics.Linkstopageswithinformationonstates,regions,andothertopics.

title:	Zomato 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGuides_and_Directories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zomato.com%2F
desc:	RestaurantsinIndialistedbycities,alongwithuserreviews,menus,locationandotherspecifications.

title:	Comic Book Pros 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comicbookpros.com%2F
desc:	Builtforthecomicbookfanandartist.Talenthiveforartists.Offerslinkstoartists'officialsites.

title:	Comic Books 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcomicbooks.about.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Informationonnewreleases,preservationandpublishers.Includessuperheroesandcomiccharactersinmovies,television,priceguides,grading,andhowtocollect.

title:	Comics Creators on the Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoboes.com%2Fhtml%2FComics%2FCreators.html
desc:	Referencestocreatorhomepages,interviews,reviews,listings,comicscompaniesandcomicbooksorstripsontheNet.ByJerryStratton.

title:	Exploding Dog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fexplodingdog.com%2F
desc:	Singlepanelelaboratecolorfulstickfigureart.Yousupplyatitle,andifitinspirestheartisthedrawsitout.

title:	Ackxhpaez 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ackxhpaez.com%2F
desc:	Nostalgic50sstylecartoonsandspoofadsbyWartella.Humorsuchasameatfarminsteadofanantfarm,withmaggots.

title:	Altar Ego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebs.lanset.com%2Fakajones%2F
desc:	ChristiancartoonsandhumorforChurchandChristianpublicationsbyCartoonistLenJones.

title:	Attaboy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yumfactory.com%2F
desc:	Illustrationsofstrangecartooncreatures.

title:	Blunt Pencil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bluntpencil.com%2F
desc:	Comicillustration,caricature,cartoons,storyboard,industrialillustration,webanimation,3Dsculpture,greetingcards.

title:	Breadwig.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.breadwig.com%2F
desc:	Cartoonsofstrangecharactersdrawnwithauniquestyle.Warpedillustrationsofinventivescripture.

title:	Contemplating Reiko 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taintedink.com%2F
desc:	Gotevil?ReikoMouryouiseveryone'sfavoritesadisticlittledemongirl!

title:	Croquer la vie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcroquerlavie.free.fr%2F
desc:	Twistedillustrationsandcartoons,doneinauniquestyle.

title:	Dynoxicon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynoxicon.de%2F
desc:	FeaturescartoonsandillustrationsbyMartinMissfeldtreinterpretingfineartmasterpiecesasgiraffepictures.

title:	Feral Eye 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.users.on.net%2F%7Etheferaleye%2F
desc:	WeeklycartoonsbyAustraliancartoonistTerrySedgwick.

title:	Hagen Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hagencartoons.com%2F
desc:	"G"-ratedcartoonseries"It'saJungleoutthere!",whichfocusesonanimals.Cartoonsareavailableforcommercialuseinnewspapers,magazines,newslettersandwebsites.

title:	Happy Tree Friends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mondomedia.com%2Fshows%2Fhappytreefriends%2F
desc:	Cute,cuddlyanimalswhosedailyadventuresalwaysendupgoinghorriblywrong.

title:	marqspusta.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmarqspusta.com%2F
desc:	AsitecontainingtheartanddesignofMarqSpusta.Theartworkisveryoriginalandfresh.Doneinasurrealcartoontypeofstyle.

title:	Minimum Security 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstephaniemcmillan.org%2F
desc:	Resistancethroughridicule.

title:	Mr.Oblivious 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mroblivious.com%2F
desc:	Acutelittleguywhojustdoesn'tgetit.Heneverhasandheneverwill.There'salittleMr.Oinallofus.Cartoonsandcomics.

title:	The Oatmeal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FIllustration%2FCartoons&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheoatmeal.com%2F
desc:	Satiricalandtopicalillustrations.

title:	Allow to Infuse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FAnimation%2FWeb&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allow-to-infuse.com%2F
desc:	FeaturedcomicsbyStefanJ.H.vanDintherincludeTheNewspaperTrick,TheLeaderofPeopleandInstructions.

title:	Angry Alien Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FAnimation%2FWeb&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angryalien.com%2F
desc:	AnimationbyJenniferShiman,featuringthe30-SecondBunniesTheatreTroupedoingre-enactmentsofmovies.

title:	Animator vs. Animation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FAnimation%2FWeb&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffc01.deviantart.com%2Ffs13%2Ff%2F2007%2F077%2F2%2Fe%2FAnimator_vs__Animation_by_alanbecker.swf
desc:	AnimationofasymbolfightingagainsttheFlash8IDEandwinning.[RequiresFlash]

title:	Apocalypse Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FAnimation%2FWeb&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apocalypsecartoons.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesFatherTucker,FearandLoathing,Grandma'sIndependenceDayandTheLivingAbortion.Offerssketches,episodes,aboutanddownloads.

title:	Astropod 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FAnimation%2FWeb&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astropod.net%2F
desc:	Featurestheissues,thecharacters,thelettersandthecredits.

title:	Cartoon Canyon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FAnimation%2FWeb&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcartooncanyon.20megsfree.com%2F
desc:	Featuresacollectionofanimatedshorts.Updatedweekly.

title:	Cartoon Webcam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FAnimation%2FWeb&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.home.nl%2Fcartoon-webcam%2Findex.htm
desc:	Anordinaryfamilystarsinacollectionofanimatedcartoons.FeaturesincludeBeachCam,BikeCamandDinnerTableCam.Includesabouttheartist.

title:	Detlef Surrey - Animations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FAnimation%2FWeb&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsurrey.de%2Fen%2Fani_startGB.html
desc:	Collectionofshortanimatedcartoonsandholidayinteractivecomics.

title:	Comics I Don't Understand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FFan_Pages%2FComic_Strips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcomicsidontunderstand.com%2F
desc:	Comicsstripsthatmightbefunny,butIjustcan'tfigureoutwhattheartistwastryingtosay.Cananybodyhelpmeout?

title:	The Adventures of Nerd Boy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FASCII_Art%2FArtists%2FComic_Strips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nerd-boy.net%2F
desc:	TheNerdBoyASCIIcomics,fanartandmerchandise.

title:	Fixed Characters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FASCII_Art%2FArtists%2FComic_Strips&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffixedcharacters.com%2F
desc:	Textartcomic,createdandcodedinatexteditor.ByAlden.

title:	Adam4d.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadam4d.com%2F
desc:	Humorouscartoonsaboutlifeandfaith.

title:	After Eden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.answersingenesis.org%2FAfterEden%2F
desc:	WeeklycartoonsreflectingonGod,creation,sin,andsalvation.

title:	Altar Ego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebs.lanset.com%2Fakajones%2F
desc:	ChristiancartoonsandhumorforChurchandChristianpublicationsbycartoonistLenJones.

title:	Atelier Auderset 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auderset.com%2F
desc:	ChristianhumoristiccomicsbyanauthornamedAlain.Thiscomicstripcanbeviewedinmultiplelanguages.

title:	The Back Pew 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thebackpew.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtosharingChristiancartoonsandcleanhumortotheworld.

title:	CartoonChurch.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonchurch.com%2F
desc:	Suppliescartoonsforchurchnewsletters,cartoon-basedworksheetsonChristianthemes,andaweblog.

title:	Cartoons for Christ by HooRay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcartoons4christ.com%2F
desc:	Cartoons,art,commentaryontheBible.ScripturebyJesus.

title:	Christian and Family Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skywriting.net%2Fcartoons.html
desc:	AlargeselectionoffreeChristiancartoonsandfamilycartoons,pluscomics-submissionswelcomed.

title:	Christian Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christiancartoons.com%2F
desc:	Cartoonsupdateddaily,comics,electronicgreetingcards,toolsandlinks.

title:	Christian Comics International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christiancomicsinternational.org%2F
desc:	OnlineguidetoChristiancomicstripwebsites.FAQ,news,andupcomingevents.

title:	Church Mice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zorowski.com%2Fchurchmice%2F
desc:	AChristiancomicstripaboutamousepastorandhischurch.Artistinformation,weeklysermon,andcartoonarchives.

title:	Church Of The Covered Dish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thomtapp.com%2F
desc:	PastorThomTapp'ssinglepanelcartoonsthatshowthathumoraboundsinthechurch.

title:	Coffee With Jesus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coffeewithjesus.com%2F
desc:	Wittyfour-panelcomicstripsthatspeculateaboutwhatitwouldbeliketohaveCoffeewithJesus.

title:	David's Herd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christian-revolution.net%2FcomicsMain.php
desc:	AfunnycomicseriesaboutKingDavidasashepherd,tendinghissheep.Theonlyproblemishissheepdonotalwayscooperate.

title:	Free Illustrated Bible 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freeillustratedbible.com%2F
desc:	OffersfreeBiblestoriesinagraphicnovel/comicbookformat.

title:	Galatianman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galatianman.com%2F
desc:	Shortcomicsthataddressfaith,evangelismandonoccasion,politicsfromaconservativeChristianperspective.

title:	Good Medicine Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgoodmedicinecartoons.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Religious"FarSide"typecartoons.EndorsedbyBilKeaneandJohnnyHart.

title:	Norman Christian Cartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyweb.ecomplanet.com%2Fbrid4456
desc:	CartoonsaboutanordinaryguylivingtheChristianlife.

title:	Pastor Shep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pastorshep.ca%2F
desc:	WeeklyChristiancomicstripthatpokesfunattheblundersofministersastheystruggletobefollowersofChristandleadersofpeople.

title:	Pontius' Puddle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pontius.com%2F
desc:	Listscartoonsbyvarioussubjects.

title:	Prayer Pups Christian Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprayerpups.com%2F
desc:	DailyChristiancomicsfeaturingtheexploitsoffivelittledogstryingtopleaseGod.

title:	Reverend Fun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reverendfun.com%2F
desc:	Cartoonupdateddaily.Includesmailinglist,archives,author'spage,andinformationonbook.

title:	Sacred and Sequential 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sacredandsequential.org%2F
desc:	Awebsitededicatedtostudyingandexploringtheinterplayoffaithandcomicbooks,comicstrips,andsimilarart.

title:	The SideStream 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sidestream.com%2F
desc:	ChristiancartoonsplusfreeChristianclipartandcomics.

title:	Speartoons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kevinspear.com%2F
desc:	Singlepanelcartoonsaboutlife,kids,Christianityandchurch.

title:	Theophilus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheophilus.org%2F
desc:	(EnglishandSpanish)FollowthecartoonadventuresofTheophilusashelearnsaboutfollowingJesus.

title:	Yolkfellow Falls 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FChristianity%2FFun_and_Entertainment%2FHumor%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yolkfellowfalls.com%2F
desc:	Amonthly,one-panelgagstrip.

title:	AstroNerdBoy's Comic Strips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astronerdboy.com%2Fcomic-strips%2F
desc:	Agrowingcollectionofbothwebbasedandsyndicatedcomicstripsontheweb.Detaileddescriptionsofeachsite.

title:	The Belfry: Furry Comics Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.belfry.com%2Fcomics%2F
desc:	AnindextodozensofonlineFurrycomicstrips.

title:	Cartoon Resource 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonresource.com%2F
desc:	Featurescartoonsonbusiness,weird,relationships,pets,sportsandcomputersbyacollectionofcartoonists.

title:	Cartoonguru.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonguru.com%2F
desc:	Presentsdailycartoonsandcomicsaswellaslinkstootherstripsandpanels.

title:	Cartoonist Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonistgroup.com%2F
desc:	Searchworkofleadingcartoonistsfore-cards,reprints,andmerchandise.

title:	Coconino-World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coconino-world.com%2F
desc:	Frenchwebsitewithvariouscomicsandaffiliatedcomics.

title:	Comic Genesis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comicgenesis.com%2F
desc:	Hostsover6000fresh,experimentalwebcomics.Runbycomicauthorsforcomicauthors.FormerlyKeenspace.

title:	Drshnaps Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drshnaps.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtohelpingamateurcomicartistsgettheirworknoticedonline.Servesasahubforseveraldifferentkindsofcomics,mainlyfeaturessprite-basedcomics.

title:	Drunk Duck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drunkduck.com%2F
desc:	Listingsofcomicstripsandstoriesorganizedbycategories.Includesaforum.

title:	The Funny Cartoon Website 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thefunnycartoon.com%2F
desc:	Cartoonsandcomicstripsdisplayed.

title:	Keenspot - Internet Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keenspot.com%2F
desc:	NetworkofwebcomicshostedbyKeenspot.

title:	Not Boring: Daily Cartoons & Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.notboring.com%2Fcartoons%2F
desc:	Acoupleofdailycartoonsandcomicstrips,basedonstripslinkedfromotherwebsites.

title:	PollyPop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polypop.com%2F
desc:	CollectivefeaturingworkfromToddRamsell'soddweeklyLollygag,JohnFreeman'shorrificUncleSloppy'sPleasureCircus,ComixOrgybyvariousartists,andquirkyMangaGachaGachabyNaritada.

title:	Pro Toonerz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificwestcom.com%2Fcartoonist
desc:	Listingofprofessionalcartoonistsandillustrators.Variousstyles.

title:	Salon Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salon.com%2Fcomics%2F
desc:	Aselectionofweeklycomics,includingtheK-ChroniclesandTomTheDancingBug.

title:	Stu's Comic Strip Connection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stus.com%2F
desc:	Pointerstoonlinecartoonsontheweb,toresourcesonthecartoonindustryandgoodliterature.

title:	ToonTime 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FComic_Strips_and_Panels%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toontime.dk%2F
desc:	Dailycartoonsandcomics.

title:	Bear Creek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FFurry%2FArt%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bearcreekcomics.com%2F
desc:	Acomicstripaboutaboyandatalkingbear.

title:	The New Belfry WebComics Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FFurry%2FArt%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbelfrycomics.net%2F
desc:	Listswebcomicsbyupdatefrequencyandgenre,withafocusonfurrystrips.

title:	Rabbit Valley Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPeople%2FFurry%2FArt%2FComics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rabbitvalley.com%2F
desc:	Furryandanthropomorphiccomicbooks,fanzines,andothercomicrelatedstuff.

title:	Comics.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FOnline%2FSyndicates&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcomics.com%2F
desc:	UnitedMediaoffersonlineeditionstomanycomicstrips,likeAlleyOop,Dilbert,Marmaduke,Nancy,andPeanuts.

title:	King Features Syndicate - Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FOnline%2FSyndicates&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kingfeatures.com%2Fcomics%2F
desc:	KFShasaloadofcomicsandstripsonlinefromclassiccartoonsoveradventurestripstomodernhumor.Tonamebutafew:Spider-Man,AndyCapp,BeetleBailey,FlashGordon,HagartheHorrible,thePhantom,Popeye,ZippythePinheadandZits.

title:	CartoonStock 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FOnline%2FSyndicates&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonstock.com%2F
desc:	Comprehensive,searchablelibraryofcartoons.Entriesarecataloguedbykeyword,categoryandartists.Withonlineexamplesandlicencinginformation.

title:	ComicExchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FOnline%2FSyndicates&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comicexchange.com%2F
desc:	Freecomicstripsfrommorethan40cartooniststoyoursitedaily.Plusanadbannerexchangeservice.

title:	Corbett Features Comics Syndicate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FOnline%2FSyndicates&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corbettfeatures.com%2F
desc:	Syndicatescomicstrips,suchasMisfitsbyBrianCodagnoneandRaffertybyBarryCorbett.

title:	Creators Syndicate Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FOnline%2FSyndicates&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creators.com%2Fcomics.html
desc:	Provideslinktosyndicatedcomics.

title:	UExpress 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FOnline%2FSyndicates&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uexpress.com%2F
desc:	Officialwebsiteoffamoussyndicatedcomics,editorialcolumnistsandpopularnewspaperfeatures.ReadDearAbby,AnnCoulter,TomTolesandWilliamF.BuckleyJr.

title:	Washington Post Writers Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FComics%2FOnline%2FSyndicates&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.postwritersgroup.com%2F
desc:	SyndicatesstripssuchasOpus,Pickles,RedandRover,andThat'sLife.

title:	KNMV - Koninklijke Nederlandse Motorrijders Vereniging 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FMotorfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.knmv.nl%2F
desc:	Mettoerisme,opleidingen,verzekeringeneneenmotorhonk.

title:	M.A.G. - Motorcycle Action Group Belgium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FMotorfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mag.be%2F
desc:	Belangengroepvoormotorrijders.Methunhistoriek,eenvoorstellingvandewerkgroepen,eenoverzichtvandenieuwsbrieven.

title:	Motor Mobiliteit voor Gehandicapten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FMotorfietsen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mmvg.nl%2F
desc:	Projectgroepvoormotorrijdenvoorlichamelijkgehandicapten.

title:	Motocikli.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FHrvatski%2FSlobodno_vrijeme%2FMotocikli&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motocikli.com%2F
desc:	Portalomotociklimaiskuterima,temotoforum.

title:	Motori 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FHrvatski%2FSlobodno_vrijeme%2FMotocikli&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motori.hr%2F
desc:	Motoklubsnovostima,oglasnikom,forum,chat,slike.

title:	Blusbaicherspab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FMoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblusbaicherspab.8k.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatoallalistablusbaicherspab.Fotodiraduniepersonaggi,notizieGPeSBK,linkutiliecontattiperemail.

title:	Correre nel verde: Moto e case motociclistiche 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FMoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.correrenelverde.com%2Fmotociclismo%2F
desc:	Offreunpanoramadellecasemotocilistiche,notizie,recensionieospitalinkdestinatiagliappassionatidelsettore.

title:	The Annual Winter SWL Festival 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fswlfest.com%2F
desc:	AnnualeventsponsoredbyNASWA,theNorthAmericanShortwaveAssociation,forshortwave;mediumwave(AM),scanning,satelliteTV,andpiratebroadcastingamongtheothertopics.HeldnearPhiladelphia,PennsylvaniainMarch.

title:	AsiaWaves 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asiawaves.net%2F
desc:	DirectoryandfrequencylistingsofradioandtelevisionstationsinSouthandSoutheastAsia.

title:	Bluegrass DaVinci Fellowship 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bluegrassdavinci.com%2F
desc:	Detailstheactivitiesofagroupofenthusiastswhomeetregularlytopursueinterestsinshortwaveradio.Includesmemberphotographalbums,activitydates,currentpropagationconditionsandrelatedlinks.

title:	Coastal Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coastalradio.org.uk%2F
desc:	Worldwidemarineandcoastalradioinformation,includingfrequencylists,logs,andlinkstoliveaudio.

title:	Cobalt Pet Shortwave Web-Log 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcobaltpet.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Shortwavereceptionreports,listeningtips,productreviews,photos,andlinks

title:	DX Antwerp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dx-antwerp.com%2F
desc:	AFlemishassociationOfSWLenthusiasts.Featuresclubinformation,photos,logs,andDXbulletins.[English]

title:	DXing.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxing.com%2F
desc:	Compendiumofradiomonitoringinformation,includinggeneralbeginner'sinformation,internationalbroadcastingnews,andresourcestomonitoringhobbyistsofallstripes,includinghamradio.

title:	European Gospel Shortwave Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.egradio.org%2F
desc:	ShortwaveGospelradioresourcewithschedules,frequenciesandlinks.

title:	HFCC - High Frequency Co-ordination Committee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hfcc.org%2F
desc:	Co-ordinatestransmissionschedulesofabout60organizationsfrommorethan30countries.

title:	Intereval Signals Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intervalsignals.net%2F
desc:	Intervalsignals,signaturetunes,andidentificationannouncementsfrominternational,domestic,andclandestineradiostationsaroundtheworld.RequiresRealplayerG2.

title:	International short wave contesting information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.handrack.net%2Fcontest%2F
desc:	Adatabasewithrulesandresultsofallinternationalshortwavecontests.

title:	IntervalSignal Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intervalsignals.org%2F
desc:	Intervalsignals,jingles,andstationannouncementsofnationalandinternationalshortwaveradiostations.

title:	JB's DX Info 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdx.3sdesign.de%2F
desc:	AresourcepageforTelevision,LongwaveandMediumwaveDXers.Includesscreenshots,DXaudioclips,modifications,interferencesuppressiontechniquesandrelatedlinks.

title:	KA3NRX Shortwave Radio Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Felectronic%2Fshortwaveradio%2F
desc:	Linkstoshortwaveradiostationsaroundtheworld.

title:	The Listening Post - Shortwave 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chilton.com%2Fscripts%2Fradio%2FR8-receiver
desc:	Interactiveweb-controlledDrakeR-8allows5and30secondlivesoundbites,detailsoflast25frequenciesselectedbylisteners,andinformationabouttuningcontrols.

title:	NW7US Amateur and Shortwave Radio Command Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hfradio.org%2F
desc:	Containsamateurandshortwavelistenerforums,propagationinformation,CWlinksandgalleryofQSLcards.

title:	On The Shortwaves 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ontheshortwaves.com%2F
desc:	Devotedtothehistoryofshortwaveradio.Featuresearlyradioarticles,bookreviews,andotherreferencesforDXersandcollectors.

title:	The Overcomer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fovercomerministry.org%2F
desc:	Internationalbroadcastofprophecy.Includesshortwave,satelliteandliveinternetbroadcasting.

title:	Pals Radio Station Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radioliberty.org%2F
desc:	Featurestheshortwaveradiostation'RadioLiberty.'Includesphotosandcommentary.

title:	Radio Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radio-portal.org%2F
desc:	InteractivesearchengineforHAMradiooperatorsandshortwavelisteners.OffersinformationonallfrequencyrangesfromVLFtoUHF.

title:	Save the BBC World Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsavebbc.org%2F
desc:	WebsiteoflistenerswhoareopposedbythedecisionbytheBBCWorldServicetoendshortwavebroadcastingtoNorthAmerica,AustraliaandNewZealandinJuly2001.

title:	Shortwave Monitoring Station 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fading.de%2F
desc:	ResourceforSWLenthusiastsfeaturesinformation,receptiontips,internationalbroadcastingschedules,plusaQSLgallery,audiorecordings,photosandlinks.[English,GermanandFrench]

title:	Shortwave World Band Listening 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamuniverse.com%2Fshortwave.html
desc:	Aguideforshortwaveworldbandradioenthusiasts.

title:	Spy Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spynumbers.com%2F
desc:	AresourceforinformationaboutShortwaveSpyNumberStations.

title:	U.S. Clandestine Radio Equipment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FShortwave_and_DX_Listening&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmilitaryradio.com%2Fspyradio%2F
desc:	PeterMcCollumpresentsasitedealingwithAmericanspyradioequipment.

title:	Luchtvaart HF ontvangst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FLuisteramateur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.ziggo.nl%2Fhbruch%2Fradio%2F
desc:	Biedinformatieoverontvangstvandeluchtvaartcommunicatieopmetnamedekortegolfbanden.

title:	P2000 Monitor Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FLuisteramateur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.p2000zhz-rr.nl%2F
desc:	p2000alarmeringenvangeheelNederlandvanbrandweer,bolitie,GDD,KNRMendelifeliners.

title:	P2000 monitor pagina van PD5HW 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FLuisteramateur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmonitor.livep2000.nl%2F
desc:	EensitedieP2000meldingenlaatzienmetgeavanceerdefilteropties,geluidmeldingenenspraakondersteuning.

title:	P2000alarm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FLuisteramateur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.p2000alarm.nl%2F
desc:	LaatlivealleP2000meldingenzienineenmonitor.

title:	P2000Meldingen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FLuisteramateur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.p2000meldingen.nl%2F
desc:	P2000MeldingengeeftdeactueleP2000alarmmelingenweer.

title:	P2000Mobiel.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FLuisteramateur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fp2000mobiel.nl%2F
desc:	WebsitediedeactueleP2000alarmmeldingenweergeeftmetopmaakdiegeschiktisvoormobieletelefoons.

title:	Regio 17 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FLuisteramateur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.regio17.info%2F
desc:	Sitemetinformatievoorscannerluisteraarsinregio17:RotterdamRijnmond.

title:	Beginnen met een amateurstation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fqsl.net%2Fon7px%2F
desc:	Praktischetipsvooreenbeginnendzendamateuromeenradioamateurstationoptebouwen.Informatievoorhetkiezenvanapparatuur,eenvoudigeantennes,randapparateneneenwegwijzervoorverdereactiviteiten.

title:	Electron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Felectron.pothof.info%2F
desc:	DeElectronjaargangen1946en1947beschikbaarinPDFformaat.

title:	Ham-radio.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ham-radio.nl%2F
desc:	Biedinformatieoverhoemenzendamateurkanworden,hetbandplan,evenementen,deverenigingenenradiotechniek.

title:	Harec.be 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harec.be%2F
desc:	BiedkeuzeuiteenbasisvergunningofHARECproefexamenalsvoorbereidingvoorhetechteexamen.

title:	Het-bar.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.het-bar.net%2F
desc:	HomepagevanhetBrabantsalternatiefamateurnet,opgerichtdooreengroepjeonafhankelijkeradiozendamateurs.

title:	Koninklijke Unie van de Belgische Zendamateurs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uba.be%2F
desc:	Metactueleinformatie,wetgeving,geschiedenisvandemodes,eenhambeursenuitlegbijdebanden.

title:	Morse Code 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morse-code.nl%2F
desc:	Uitlegenbetekenisvandealfabetletters,cijfersenspecialetekensvanmorsecode.

title:	Museum Jan Corver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jancorver.org%2F
desc:	WebsitevanMuseumJanCorvermetalgemeneinformatieoveramateurradioenzendamateurismeinhetbijzonder.

title:	ON4LAR: Land van Aalst Radioamateurs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvzwtigem.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	OfficielesitevanON4LARmetalgemenezendamateurinformatie,eenforum,bibliotheekenclubinfo.

title:	ON4MGY 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.skynet.be%2Fon4mgy%2F
desc:	Nicolasheefthetoverdekeuzevoorzijncall,overradioamateurismeinhetalgemeen,overdigitalemodes,satellieten,enderadiocommunicatievandegezonkenRMSTitanic.

title:	ON6GD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.everyoneweb.be%2Fgabysproject
desc:	ON6GDgeeftuitlegovereenaantalantenneprojecten,zoalshetbouwenvaneenloop,x-beameneenQRLantennemetfoto'senaanvullendeinformatie.

title:	PA0AER 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radio-amateur.nl%2F
desc:	PA0AERverteldwatoverdemeestuiteenlopendetakkenvanzijnradiohobby,o.a.Sailorscheepsapparatuur,SRS,satellietradioverkeer,DNATetc.

title:	PA0WHZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.ziggo.nl%2Fkarin_breeuwer%2Fwim%2F
desc:	Informatieoverzonnepanelen,buitenlandseexpeditiesenlinksnaarantennesenrelevantezendamateurthema's.

title:	PA2G 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glencannon.nl%2Fwebsite%2F
desc:	RadiozendamateurPA2GverteldoverdiverseHFantennes,eenveldsterktemeter,eenradioontvangerenanderezelfbouwprojecten.

title:	PA3GUU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.chello.nl%2F%7Ek.smit5%2F
desc:	Persoonlijkewebsitemetdegeschiedenisvandehobby,deapparatuurenverslagenvandepersoonlijketripsnaarhetbuitenland.

title:	PA3HFN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pa3hfn.com%2F
desc:	DewebsitevanPA3HFNbiedinformatieoverAPRS,PacketRadio,WIFIenandereprojecten.

title:	PA3HNN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pa3hhn.nl%2F
desc:	PA3HNN,eenzendamateuruitMiddenmeer,verteldoverzijnhobbyenhoehetontstaaniscompleetmetfoto's,linkseneengastenboek.

title:	PA7N 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pa7n.nl%2F
desc:	Biedgratiscontestsoftware,foto'svandeshack,informatieoververschillendeprojectenzoalsDRMradioenlinks.

title:	PD0MAC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pd0mac.nl%2F
desc:	PD0MAC-weblogvanMichelVersteeg,zendamateurvanuitNijmegen(voorheenNL-13341).

title:	PD2JS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.online.nl%2Feljoca%2F
desc:	Zendstationinformatie,repeaterlijstenenlinks.

title:	PI4GV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verongv.nl%2F
desc:	DeVeronafdelingDenHaag,metinformatieoverdediverseactiviteiten,lezingen,zelfbouwendeverkopen.

title:	PI4KAR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pi4kar.net%2F
desc:	AmateurradioclubKempenmetnieuws,deactiviteitenkalender,hetbestuureninformatieoverdewekelijkseclubavondinhetKARhome.

title:	PI4KML 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pi4kml.nl%2Fnews.php
desc:	VeronafdelingKennemerland,metinformatieoverhetbestuur,delocatie,foto'senlinks.

title:	PI6ZDM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pi6zdm.nl%2F
desc:	Biedfoto's,eenforumenalgemeneinformatieoverPI6ZDM,eenAmateurTelevisionRepeater(ATV)inZaandam.

title:	Radio Club Haaglanden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pi4f.nl%2F
desc:	WeblogvandeRadioClubHaaglanden.

title:	Radiozendamateur.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radiozendamateur.com%2F
desc:	BiedeenonlinezendamateuragendametinformatieoverdeARDFenanderevossenjachtenenzendamateurmarkten.

title:	Roepletterbestand NL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fappl.agentschaptelecom.nl%2Fcallbook%2Fcgi-bin%2Fcallboek.cgi%3Ftaal%3Dnl
desc:	RoepletterbestanddieallenzijnuitgegevenaanNederlandsezendamateurs.

title:	Surplus Radio Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pi4srs.nl%2F
desc:	Eenverenigingdiedehistorischeeninhoudelijkekennisvanradiocommunicatie-installatiestrachttebewaren,tevergrotenentoegankelijkertemaken.

title:	Torhoutse Radio Amateurs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uba-tra.be%2F
desc:	DeTorhoutsezendamateurafdelingvandeUBAmetdelokatie,historie,agenda,activiteiten,deledenenhetbestuur.

title:	UBA Sectie DNZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.skynet.be%2Fon4mgy%2Fdnzintro.htm
desc:	HomepagevandeUBAsectieDNZmetdecontestuitslagenendiversevelddagfoto'sopjaargerangschikt.

title:	VERON 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.veron.nl%2F
desc:	VerenigingvoorExperimenteelRadioOnderzoekinNederland.Verenigingvanzendamateurs.

title:	VERON A63 De Friese Wouden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.a63.org%2F
desc:	VERONafdelingA63deFrieseWoudenmeto.a.informatieoverdeFrieseRadioMarktinBeetsterzwaag,demaandelijksemeetingsenandererelevanteclubinfo.

title:	Vlaamse RadioAmateurs vzw 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vra.be%2F
desc:	StartpaginavandebelangenverenigingvoorVlaamseradioamateurs(VRA).

title:	VRZA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs%2FZendamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vrza.nl%2F
desc:	VerenigingvanRadioZendAmateurs.

title:	425 DX News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FRadio%2FRadioascolto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.425dxn.org%2F
desc:	TutteleultimissimenewsdalmondodelDXinitaliano.Contieneunadettagliatissimalistadeipaesidxccconimmaginidelleqslricevute.

title:	Docs Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRepairs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.docselectronics.com%2F
desc:	AmateurandCBradiorepairspecializingintheUnidenHR2510,HR2600,andLincolnseriesradios.

title:	K2LRC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRepairs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k2lrc.com%2F
desc:	ContainsprofileandCollinsradiorepairandrestorationinformation,donebyPeterWittenberg:,K2LRCandHowardMills,W3HMinWestVirginia.

title:	Kenwood Amateur Radio Hybrid Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRepairs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k4eaa.com%2F
desc:	Sales,restorationandservicebyKenK4EAA.Includesrates,FAQandarticles.Florida.

title:	Mike Nadeau  N1EQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRepairs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.n1eq.com%2F
desc:	SpecializesinservicingIcomandKenwoodHF/VHF/UHFmulti-modetransceiversandreceiverswithintheUnitedStates.

title:	N4DA Ham Radio Repair 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRepairs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.n4da.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesrepairservicesforallmajorbrandsofHFtransceiversandHFamplifiers.Givesdetailsofrates,customerreferencesandFAQ.LocatedinCartersville,Georgia.

title:	2y4.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FTiempo_libre%2FMotos&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.2y4t.com%2F
desc:	Comunidaddedicadaalmotociclismoenduroymotocross.Fotos,forosyeventos.

title:	Argent Data Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.argentdata.com%2F
desc:	HomeoftheOpenTracker,adevicethatisconnectedtoanamateurradioandaGPS,allowingGPSdatatobetransmittedoveramateurradiousingtheAPRSprotocol.AlsosuppliesproductsthatincludeSSTV,simplexrepeatersandGPSreceivers.SantaMaria,California.

title:	Audio Test Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rlccontrollers.com%2F
desc:	Sellsrepeatercontrollersforamateurradiooperators.

title:	BHI Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhi-ltd.com%2F
desc:	UK-basedsourceofnoisereductionproductsforamateurradio,PMRandmarine,intercomsandheadsets.

title:	Buxcomm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpacketradio.com%2Fcatalog%2F
desc:	Providesamateurradioequipmentandaccessories,includingspeakers,isolators,couplers,coaxconnectorsandbaluns.Evington,Virginia.

title:	Byonics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.byonics.com%2F
desc:	Electronicprojectsforamateurradio,includingTinyTraks,Micro-Traks,andotherAPRSproducts.Chandler,Arizona.

title:	CleanRF Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cleanrf.com%2F
desc:	OffersRFdemodulatorsamplerforoscilloscopemonitoringofamateurradioHFlinearamplifiers.

title:	CW Touch Keyer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cwtouchkeyer.com%2F
desc:	Morsecodetouchpaddles,kitsandwired.

title:	Dauntless Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamexam.com%2F
desc:	SellssoftwaretoprepareforallFCCamateurradiolicenseclasses.

title:	Donner's Digital Interfaces 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.donnerstore.net%2F
desc:	SellsinterfacesmadeforspecificAmateurRadiosfordoingdigitalmodesandrigcontrol.

title:	Down East Microwave Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.downeastmicrowave.com%2F
desc:	Amateurradioequipmentfor50MHzandabove.

title:	The DX Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedxshop.com%2F
desc:	Mailordersuppliersofamateurradioequipment,includingantennasandVHF/UHFrigs.Montgomery,Powys.

title:	Ham Radios For Sale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamradiosforsale.org%2F
desc:	Findnewandusedhamradios,reviewsofpopulartransceivers,assortmentofamateurradioequipmentincludingHFradios,antennas,andRFamplifiers.

title:	Ham Test Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamradiolicenseexam.com%2F
desc:	Web-basedtrainingforthehamradiowrittenexams.IncludesmaterialforbothCanadianandU.S.exams.

title:	HamCall - Buckmaster Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhamcall.net%2F
desc:	DatabaseofcallsignsonDVDandonline.Alsosellsaccessoriesforamateurradiooperators,includinglinereelandconnectors.

title:	The Hamstation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamstation.com%2F
desc:	Newandusedamateurradioequipment.

title:	Hamstudy.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamstudy.com%2F
desc:	Self-studycoursesforCanadianBasicandAdvancedamateurradioexams.Fullaccessrequiresa30or90daysubscriptions.

title:	Harlan Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hampubs.com%2F
desc:	Home-basedsupplierofamateurtelevisioncomponentsandcustomizednamebadgesandluggagetags.Includescompanyhistory.MachesneyPark,Illinois.

title:	Haydon Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.haydon.info%2F
desc:	OffersHF,VHF-UHFreceiversandtheiraccessories.

title:	Heath Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.d8apro.com%2F
desc:	ProvidingsupportforlegacyHeathkitproducts.Offersmanualsandparts.

title:	The Heathkit Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theheathkitshop.com%2F
desc:	WB8VGE'ssitefortheHeathkitcollectorandrepairofequipment.

title:	J.H. Bunnell and Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racoon.com%2Fjhbunnell%2F
desc:	TelegraphkeymanufacturerinKingsPark,NewYork.

title:	K2RF 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k2rf.com%2F
desc:	Manufacturerofdynamicspeechlimitersandequalizers,repeaterproducts,andvideoencoders.

title:	LNA Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lnatechnology.com%2F
desc:	Designsandmanufactureshighperformancepeakwattmeterboardsforcommercialandamateurradioservice.GreenLane,Pennsylvania,UnitedStates.

title:	MDM Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdmradio.com%2F
desc:	Supplierofusedradioequipment,includingmobiles,repeaters,manualsandbooks,andparts.

title:	microHAM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microham.com%2F
desc:	Offersbanddecoder,antennaswitch,bandpassfilterandaccessoriessuchasUSBinterfaces.

title:	Milestone Technologies, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtechnologies.com%2F
desc:	Telegraphkeys,bugs,paddlesrelatedtelegraphicequipment,CodemasterVMorseCodetrainingsystem,booksandotherpublications.

title:	Norm's Rotor Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.normsrotorservice.com%2F
desc:	Specializinginrepairingantennarotors,andalsosellsnewandrebuiltrotors,controlboxesandparts.

title:	Nu Ware Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nu-ware.com%2F
desc:	MorsecodetrainersforMicrosoftWindows.

title:	On Line Ham Radio Class 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamclass.net%2F
desc:	MultimediaclassforUnitedStatesstudentstostudyfortheTechnician,GeneralorExtralicenses.

title:	P.C. Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamtv.com%2F
desc:	SupplierofamateurTVequipment.Arcadia,California.

title:	Palomar Engineers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.palomar-engineers.com%2F
desc:	Amateurradioequipmentincludingferrites,baluns,tunersandconverters.Orderbyphone,fax,mail,oremail.

title:	Palstar.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.palstar.com%2F
desc:	Design,manufactureandsellamateurradioproductssuchasantennatunersandanalyzers,wattmetersandaccessories.

title:	Probe1K 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.probe1k.com%2F
desc:	Offersscannersoftwareforcomputer-controlledIcomPCR1000.

title:	QSL Concept 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qslconcept.com%2F
desc:	OffersQSLcardsprintingforamateurradio(ham)operatorsworldwideat3.5"x5.5"standardsize.

title:	RT Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rtsystemsinc.com%2F
desc:	Windowssoftwareandcablesforamateurradios.

title:	RTO Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rtoham.com%2F
desc:	Heathkitrepair,parts,andmanuals.

title:	Scott's Electronic Parts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Felectronic2%2Findex1%2F
desc:	Crystalradiokitspartsandsupplies.

title:	UX5UO Print 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ux5uoqsl.com%2F
desc:	HamQSLpublisherofferingsamples,pricesandorderforms.

title:	The Vibroplex Co., Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vibroplex.com%2F
desc:	Bugs,paddlesandaccessories.

title:	W2IHY Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w2ihy.com%2F
desc:	Offers8bandanddualbandaudioequalizersandnoisegatesforamateurradioapplications.Includesdemonstrationclipandorderinginformation.

title:	W5YI Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w5yi.org%2F
desc:	OffersproductsandservicestoassistindividualsinobtainingFCCHamRadioandCommercialRadioOperatorLicensesintheUnitedStates.

title:	WB2REM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios%2FAmateur_Radios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilinkboards.com%2F
desc:	SellsallmodeinterfacesincludingVoIP,EcholinkandEQSO.Providespartslistanddocumentation.

title:	425DXNews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.425dxn.org%2F
desc:	TheItalianweeklybulletinforseriousDXers,availableinEnglish,ItalianandRussianlanguages.

title:	Amateur Radio Newsline 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arnewsline.org%2F
desc:	Newsofthehamradioworldwideupdatedweeklywithlinkstoothersites.

title:	Amateur Television Quarterly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atvquarterly.com%2F
desc:	AU.S.periodicaldedicatedexclusivelytoamateurTV(ATV).

title:	AntenneX Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antennex.com%2F
desc:	Dealsprimarilywithantennadesigns,includingforums,technicalinformation,andproductreviews.Registrationrequired,somefreeaccess.

title:	ARS Statistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.speroni.com%2FFCC
desc:	AH0AprovidesanalysisofFCCamateurradiostatistics.

title:	Contesting.com Ham Radio Mailing Lists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Flists.contesting.com%2F
desc:	Featuresarchiveofcontestresultswithcategoryandcallsign,aswellasotherhamradiomailinglists.

title:	CQ Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cq-amateur-radio.com%2F
desc:	Newsandarticlespertainingtohamradio.Includeslinks,listofclubsandwriter'sguide.

title:	The Daily DX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailydx.com%2F
desc:	AtextDXbulletinsentviae-mailMondaythroughFridaybypaidsubscription.

title:	Dubus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dubus.org%2F
desc:	MagazinefeaturesarticlesonamateurVHFcommunicationswitheventschedules,experimentresults,technicalinnovationsandcontests.PublishedinGerman/English.

title:	DxCoffee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxcoffee.com%2F
desc:	AnonlinehamradiomagazinedevotedtoDXingandcontesting.[ItalianandEnglish]

title:	Ham Radio Daily 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamradiodaily.com%2F
desc:	Includesamateurradionewsheadlines,DXspotsandstatistics.

title:	QST Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arrl.org%2Fqst%2F
desc:	MonthlymagazineoftheARRLwitharticlesontechnicaladvances,news,constructionprojects,contests,andproductreviews.MembersmusthaveavalidARRLwebsitelogintoaccess.

title:	This Week in Amateur Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twiar.org%2F
desc:	Weeklybulletinservicelistingeventsinhamradio,airedliveviasatellite.Includesalistofaffiliates,archives,andalistofguidelinesforrepeaterswishingtocarrytheservice.

title:	VHF Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vhfcomm.co.uk%2F
desc:	ConstructionorientedquarterlypublicationfeaturingVHF,UHF,andmicrowave.Includesanindextopastarticlesplussubscriptionformsandprices.

title:	Weekly DX Report 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dx-info.de%2F
desc:	DXcalendarupdatedweekly

title:	Electronics & Communications Classifieds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSwap_Shop&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.network54.com%2FForum%2F100496
desc:	Listsbuy,sellandswapitems.IncludesalinktoadiscussionforumonAlliedWWIIradioandradarequipment.

title:	Ham Radio Deals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSwap_Shop&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhamradiodeals.co.uk%2F
desc:	Aplacetobuy/sellandtradeaswellasdiscusshamradioequipment.UnitedKingdom.

title:	Ham Radio Market 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSwap_Shop&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamradiomarket.com%2F
desc:	Classifiedads,articles,andreviews.

title:	Radio Classifieds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSwap_Shop&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radioclassifieds.co.uk%2F
desc:	Aforumforlicensedradioamateurs,featuringaplaceforswaps,wantsandsales.UnitedKingdom.

title:	Rhode Island Swap And Sell Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSwap_Shop&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Friswapnet%2F
desc:	Aplacetosellandswapamateurradiorelateditemsandlistannouncementsandbulletins.

title:	Ballonvossenjacht.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ballonvossenjacht.nl%2F
desc:	Uitlegoververschillenderadioballonvossenjachtactiviteitenmetfrequenties,foto'senalgemeneinformatie.

title:	Hamserver van PA1JLG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pa1jlg.nl%2F
desc:	HamservervoordeLuister-enZendamateur.

title:	De Muntronde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muntronde.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieenlinksvan(telex)rondesvoordeHAMzend-enluisteramateur.

title:	Navacom Meteo Scan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FRadioamateurs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.navacom.nl%2F
desc:	SoftwarewaarmeemenincombinatiemeteenHFontvangerweerkaartenopdecomputerkanontvangen.

title:	Alfredo Alfonsi electronics pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FRadio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdigilander.libero.it%2Falfred73%2F
desc:	Raccoltadischemieprogettiperl'autocostruzionediciruiti,tracuiuninteressantefrequenzimetrodigitale.

title:	Comitato Guglielmo Marconi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FRadio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radiomarconi.com%2F
desc:	Pubblicamaterialeedocumentiineditisull'operatecnicoscientificadell'inventoredellaradio.

title:	Fiere Elettronica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FRadio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcompendiofiere.it%2F
desc:	SitodellamanifestazionefieristicaComputerfesteRadioamatoreaCerea(VR).Ospitailcalendariodeglieventi.

title:	OldMan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FRadio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infodomus.it%2Fradio
desc:	Pratiche,conoscenzeetecnologieradioamatoriali.Databasedituttiipontiradioamatoriali,codiciusatinelletelecomunicazioni,glossariodioltremilletermini.Biografiediinventoriepionieridellaradio.

title:	BikePics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bikepics.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofmotorcyclepictures,videosandsounds.Includesaphotosubmissionsection.

title:	Bikez.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bikez.com%2F
desc:	Internetcataloguedescribingmotorbikesmadesince1970.Technicalspecificationsandpicturesprovided.

title:	Motorcycle Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmotorcyclephilippines.com%2F
desc:	Providingnews,photos,discussionforumandguestbook.ThePhilippines.

title:	Motorcycle USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motorcycle-usa.com%2F
desc:	Informationonmotocross,supercrossandsportbikes.Photos,forumandlinksarealsoprovided.

title:	Mx-Tech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mx-tech.com%2F
desc:	Suspensiontuning,parts,service,andtechnicaldata.

title:	Netrider - Connecting Riders 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=https%3A%2F%2Fnetrider.net.au%2F
desc:	Australia'slargestandpremieronlinemotorcyclecommunitywithdiscussionforums,photos,grouprides,events,blogs,resources,andbusinesslinksdirectory.

title:	Pembrokeshire Classics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pembrokeshireclassics.com%2F
desc:	DealerinclassicBritishmotorcycles,basedinbeautifulPembrokeshire.ChoosefromBSA,Ariel,AJS,Norton,andRoyalEnfield.Allmachinesonlinewithfulldescriptionandphotography.

title:	Riders Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ridersite.com%2F
desc:	Acommunitywebsiteformotorcycleriders,withchatanddiscussionforum.

title:	Seattle Cossacks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seattlecossacks.com%2F
desc:	Agroupofstuntridersdonatingtheirtimeandtalentbyperformingatcharitableevents.

title:	Sport-Touring.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sport-touring.net%2F
desc:	Acommunitysiteforsportbikeenthusiasts.Withdiscussionforum,photosandlinks.

title:	Sportbike Rider Picture Website 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sportbikerider.us%2F
desc:	Averylargecollectionofmotorcyclepicturesandinformation.

title:	Used Motorcycle Evaluation Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarity.net%2F%7Eadam%2Fbuying-bike.html
desc:	Apart-by-partguidetoevaluatingausedmotorcycle.

title:	Yesterdays Antique Motorcycles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FMotorcycles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yesterdays.nl%2F
desc:	Specialistsinsellingvintagemotorcyclesandrelateditems.

title:	Hammond Museum of Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hammondmuseumofradio.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinGuelph,Ontario,Canada,featuresoperationalreceiversandtransmittersfromtheSparkeratothefirstsolidstateHRO.

title:	KD0AR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fkd0ar%2F
desc:	MichaelHeimpresentsvintageradiophotos,1929and1935.

title:	LA5KI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fla5ki%2F
desc:	Includesvintageamateurradiophotosandprofiles.

title:	Marshall Ensor Memorial Organization 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ensorparkandmuseum.org%2F
desc:	DetailshistoryofMarshallH.Ensor,W9BSP,andhissisterLorettaEnsor,W9UA.

title:	Museum of Radio and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ohio.edu%2Fpeople%2Fpostr%2FMRT%2F
desc:	Antiqueradiomuseumwithvintageradios,TVs,tubes,parts,posters,communicationradios,earlyhi-fi,andbroadcasttransmitters.Huntington,WV.

title:	The Museum of Tektronix Scopes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chiark.greenend.org.uk%2Fscopes%2Ftek.html
desc:	Picturesanddescriptionsofoscilloscopemodelsandaccessories.

title:	The Southern Appalachian Radio Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saradiomuseum.org%2F
desc:	ExhibitsincludeAtwaterKent,Philco,Silvertone,Edisonphonographs,Crosley,Hammarlund,HarveyWells,testinstruments,sparkgaptransmitters,keys,andQSLcards.LocatedinAsheville,NorthCarolina.

title:	Virtual Collins Radio Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wa3key.com%2Fcollins.html
desc:	Collinsgearfrom1946to1979onvirtualexhibit.

title:	W5AM's Amateur Radio Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fw5am%2F
desc:	Monochromepicturesofvacuumtuberadios.Includesweight,sizeandabriefdescriptionsofanumberofrigs.

title:	Western Historic Radio Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radioblvd.com%2F
desc:	Wirelessradioapparatusandmemorabiliafromthe1900sthroughthe1950s.Includesphotosandrestorationdetails.VirginiaCity,Nevada.

title:	AA9PW FCC Exam Practice and Morse Code Practice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Faa9pw.com%2F
desc:	PracticeexaminationsforUnitedStatesFCCAmateurandCommercialRadioExamcandidates.AlsoofferscustomizableMorseCodepractice.

title:	Amateur Certification Fact Sheet - Industry Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ic.gc.ca%2Feic%2Fsite%2Fsmt-gst.nsf%2Feng%2Fsf01862.html
desc:	OffersinformationonhowtoacquireaCanadianamateurradiolicense,callsignlistbyprovince,costsandapplicationform.

title:	Amateur Radio Exam Generator - Industry Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ic.gc.ca%2Feic%2Fsite%2Fsmt-gst.nsf%2Feng%2Fh_sf05378.html
desc:	ExamquestiongeneratorthatproducesauniqueexaminationforeitheraCanadianBasicorAdvancedamateurradiooperatorcertificate,allowingself-testingonahomecomputer.Itwillalsogenerateaworksheet.

title:	eHam.net Ham Exams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eham.net%2Fexams%2F
desc:	AmateurradiopracticeexamsforobtainingalicenseintheUnitedStates.Includesallthreelicenseclasses,Technician,GeneralandExtra.

title:	Ham Cram 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fw9pe.us%2F
desc:	Freetechnician-classlicensecramcourse,fortheUnitedStatesTechnicianlicense.SixhourpowerpointpresentationcoveringeveryquestionintheFCCquestionpool.Easyinstructions.[RequiresMSPowerPoint]

title:	HamExam.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhamexam.org%2F
desc:	Viewflashcardsforallcurrentquestionpools,ortakepracticetestsforUnitedStatesamateurradiolicenses.Thesitekeepsstatisticsonyouranswerstohelpgaugeprogress.[Freeregistrationrequired]

title:	HamStudy.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhamstudy.org%2F
desc:	Freestudytoolswithquestionexplanationsandstatistics-drivenflashcardsandsmartexams.UnitedStates.

title:	Metro Atlanta Exam Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.georgiajobs.com%2Fhamexams.html
desc:	ListingofamateurradioexamsessionsinmetroAtlanta,Georgia,UnitedStates.

title:	Sunnyvale VEC ARC, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amateur-radio.org%2F
desc:	FCCrecognizedVolunteerExaminerCoordinatororganizationprovidesexamdates,expiringcallsignsandcontactdetails.Sunnyvale,California,UnitedStates.

title:	US Amateur Radio Exams in Italy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ik1pmr.com%2Fvec%2F
desc:	InformationonUnitedStatesFCCamateurradioexaminationsinItaly,2004to2010.

title:	US FCC Exams - Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fdl4vcw%2Fvec.htm
desc:	InformationonUnitedStatesFCCexaminationsinEurope.

title:	W8MHB Michael Burkhardt's Ham Radio Shacketeria 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w8mhb.com%2F
desc:	Amateurradiopracticeexamsforallthreeclasses,Technician,General,andExtra,intheUnitedStates.

title:	Worldwide Information on Licensing for Radio Amateurs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FLicensing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Foh2mcn%2Flicense.htm
desc:	Informationonlicensingrequirementslistedbycountry.PreparedbyOH2MCN.

title:	Australian D-Star Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dstar.org.au%2F
desc:	IncludesFAQ,tips,Icomfiles,photogalleryandrepeatermaps.

title:	D-STAR General Information - Features - Icom America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icomamerica.com%2Fen%2Fproducts%2Famateur%2Fdstar%2Fdstar%2Fdefault.aspx
desc:	ProvidesvideoandFAQ.

title:	D-STAR Information Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dstarinfo.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtohelpingD-STARusers,withbasictodetailedtechnicalinformation.OffersFAQ,listofnets,productreviewsandlinks.

title:	D-StarUsers.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dstarusers.org%2F
desc:	Offersarepeaterdirectory,current/lastheardactivity,repeaterdirectoryandforum.

title:	Florida D-Star Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.florida-dstar.info%2F
desc:	Containsgateway'sandpoliciesinformationaswellasrepeatermodsandsetupnotes.

title:	Free Star 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.va3uv.com%2Ffreestar.htm
desc:	Offersanexperimentalapproachtotheimplementationofavendorneutral,andopensource,digitalcommunicationnetwork.Itenablesexisting(FM)repeaterownerstoestablishaDSTARrepeaterwithachoiceofinterfacehardware(GMSKmodemorsoundcard),softwareandradiohardware.

title:	Independent Radio Club D-STAR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ladstar.org%2F
desc:	Providestipsonsettinguparadio,manuals,tutorial,andlistofmembers.

title:	Just say No! to DSTAR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaphoria.us%2Fhamradio%2FJust_say_no_to_DSTAR.htm
desc:	WB2MICprovideshisopinionsonD-Star.

title:	MM3AWM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mm0dun.co.uk%2F
desc:	Scotland-basedamateurMartinHigginspresentsD-Starequipmentandnetworkinformationandlinks.

title:	Nevada Amateur Radio Repeaters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.narri.org%2F
desc:	OperatesundertheclubcallsignN7ARRandN7NDS(NNevada7NNevadaDSD-Star).Providesdetailsoftheclub'songoingsponsorshipoftheannualVoIPIRLPConferenceandlistofsupporters.

title:	Shiawassee D-STAR Repeater 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Fw8shidstar%2F
desc:	ContainsinformationabouttheW8SHIrepeaterandD-STARdigitalcommunications.ShiawasseeCounty,Michigan.

title:	Wikipedia - D-STAR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FD-STAR
desc:	Provideshistoryandtechnicaldetails.

title:	Wild Rose Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVoIP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fve6cpk.com%2Fwildrosenetwork%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationonhowtoregistertoaccesstheGateway,repeaterdetails,applicationformandlinks.BasedoutofCalgary,Alberta.

title:	Amateur Radio Repeater Mapping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.levinecentral.com%2Frepeaters%2F
desc:	SeeamateurradiorepeatersbystateorlocationmappedvisuallyinGoogleMaps.

title:	Amateur Radio Repeater Websearch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Frptr.amateur-radio.net%2Farn%2Frptr%2Findex.html
desc:	Databasecollectionfromplaintextandrepeaterlistingsovertheinternet.

title:	DF6NA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.df6na.de%2F
desc:	ContainsDXpeditiondetails,audiofiles,tubedatasheets,andaphotogalleryofconferencesattendedovertheyears.Germany.

title:	DF7KF 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.df7kf.de%2F
desc:	Germanamateurradiostationprovidesphotosofhisantennasovertheyears,andlinks.

title:	EI4IX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fei4ix%2F
desc:	Dedicatedto50MHzand144MHzinIreland.Realaudioclipsofaurora,tropo,meteorscatter,F2,sporadicEandTEPpropagation.

title:	EI5FK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fei5fk%2F
desc:	EI5FKinIrelandlistsa144mhzlogandaudiofiles,photosandlinks.

title:	EI7GL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fei7gl%2F
desc:	ContainsVHFinformation,links,profileandabeginner'sguidetoCW.Ireland.

title:	The Four Metres Web Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.70mhz.org%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthe4mor70MHzband.ThisbandisallocatedintheUnitedKingdom,andanumberofothercountriesincludingHungary.

title:	G0AFH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g0afh.com%2F
desc:	UKamateursharesstationandpersonalinformation,travelphotography,andcontestphotosanddetails.

title:	G0GJV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goodey.org.uk%2F%3B
desc:	AuthorofVHFcontestloggingsoftware.IntendedfortheBritishRSGBVHFcontestrules,butmaybeusefulelsewhere.

title:	Homing In 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRadio_Direction_Finding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.homingin.com%2F
desc:	Allabouthiddentransmitterhuntingandradiodirectionfindingforradioamateurs.Includesnews,results,historyandFAQ.

title:	Amateur Radio Direction Finding Web Ring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRadio_Direction_Finding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fhub%3Fring%3Dfoxhunt
desc:	Groupforenthusiastsofradiodirectionfinding.

title:	N6BG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRadio_Direction_Finding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fn6bg%2F
desc:	Picturesandplansforantennas,attenuators,andaccessories.

title:	N6QAB Radio Direction Finding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRadio_Direction_Finding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fn6qab%2Findex.html
desc:	Picturesanddescriptionsofradiodirectionfindingandrelatedequipment.

title:	G3PHO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g3pho.free-online.co.uk%2Fmicrowaves%2Fghz.htm
desc:	PeterDay,aSheffield,Englandstation,providesaguidetomicrowavesthatfeaturesarticlesandemaillist.

title:	G3UTS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fg3uts%2F
desc:	RegBelshawprovidesadescriptionofhisequipmentandphotographsofhisshackintheUnitedKingdom.

title:	G3YJR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yorks8128.free-online.co.uk%2FG%2F3YJR.htm
desc:	Contains2m,70cmand23cmlogs,anddetailsofSheffield'ssewergasdestructorlamps.Sheffield,SouthYorkshire,England.

title:	G4CCH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g4cch.com%2F
desc:	HowardLingprovidesnewsofhisradioactivity,contactslist,recordingsofEMEsignals,informationaboutstation,andoverviewofprojects.Lincolnshire,UnitedKingdom.

title:	GM4JJJ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gm4jjj.co.uk%2F
desc:	DavidAndersonwithEMEon144MHzandastronomy.MoonSkedsoftwareformoontrackingforMacintosh,WindowsandPalmPilot.

title:	Ionoscatter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Foz1rh%2Fionoscatter%2Fionoscatter_lecture_2002.htm
desc:	Discussionofionoscatteron50and144MHzbyPallePreben-Hansen,OZ1RH.

title:	NoBarc Hounds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRadio_Direction_Finding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nobarc.org%2Fhounds%2F
desc:	Radiodirectionfindingforsportandemergencies.

title:	Northern California Transmitter Hunting Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRadio_Direction_Finding&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rdf-sf.org%2F
desc:	Featuresrules,locationsandlistofhunters.SanFranciscoBayarea.

title:	K1UHF VHF and Above Weak Signal  Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fk1uhf%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonthehamshack,10GHZandgridsandstationsworked.Pennsylvania,UnitedStates.

title:	K2EHF 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fk2ehf%2Findex.html
desc:	JeffLuce,memberoftheRochesterVHFGroup.Includesinformationaboutstandings,microwaveresourcesandbandplans.NewYork,UnitedStates.

title:	K3PGP Experimenter's Corner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k3pgp.org%2F
desc:	CoversexperimentalworkfromVLFthroughlaserbyK3PGP,oneoftheEMEpioneers.

title:	LYAC LY Activity Contest on VHF 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qrz.lt%2Flyac%2F
desc:	SupportforLYACcontestincludingrules,resultsandnews.[EnglishandLithuanian]

title:	ND2X 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nd2x.net%2F
desc:	Featuresphotosanddescriptionsofthemobileantennasetup,atestimonialforTESystemsAmplifiers,andJavascriptcalculators.Texas,UnitedStates.

title:	OH8K Radio Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omanetti.fi%2Fmmaamaha%2F
desc:	ClubbasedinSotkamo,Finland,providesDXpeditiondetailsandinformationaboutthestations,withphotos.

title:	OZ1IEP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oz1iep.dk%2F
desc:	AmateurradiooperatorprofileandinformationonVHF/UHF,logofactivities,andcontacts.Denmark.[English,Danish]

title:	OZ1RH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Foz1rh%2Fgndgain%2Fgnd_gain_eme_2002.htm
desc:	DiscussesgroundgainandradiationangleatVHF.

title:	OZ4VV / 5P5V 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oz4vv.dk%2F
desc:	FeaturesarticlesontopicssuchastroposcatterandtransequatorialpropagationorTEP,photosandlinks.Denmark.

title:	PA0C 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pa0c.nl%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonhiscurrentstation,beacons,andcontestactivities,aswellasVHF/UHFamplifierspageswithphotosandtips.TheNetherlands.

title:	PA3CEG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fpa3ceg%2F
desc:	Picturesandprojectsfrom144MHzupto76GHz.TheNetherlands.

title:	PA3COB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pa3cob.nl%2F
desc:	AmateurintheNetherlandsprovidesaprofile,hamshackdetailswithphotosandDXCCandODX.

title:	PE1OGF 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.claranet.nl%2Fusers%2Fpe1ogf%2F
desc:	John'spageincludesabiographyandhamshackequipmentdetails.Netherlands.

title:	AMSAT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amsat.org%2F
desc:	Informationregardingamateurradiosatellitecommunications.AlsoavailableareKeplerianelementsinseveralformats,updatedweekly.

title:	FODtrack Satellite Tracking Interface 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fallanyc.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Constructiontipstobuildaamateurradiosatellitetrackingdual-axisrotorcontrollerusingaPIC16F877IC.

title:	G0CZD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.czd.org.uk%2Fradio%2Findex.html
desc:	FeaturesarticlesfromtheUKMicrowaveGroup,andanauroramonitor.

title:	Human Space Flight (HSF) Realtime Data 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fspaceflight.nasa.gov%2Frealdata%2Findex.html
desc:	NASAinformationincludingtelevision,orbitalandsatellitetrackingandweather.

title:	Project Oscar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprojectoscar.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Internationalamateursatelliteorganization.Containsinformationaboutamateursatellites,operation,statusandnews.

title:	Practical Wireless Contests 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pwcontest.org.uk%2F
desc:	ContainsinformationoncontestsheldintheUnitedKingdomeveryJuneandSeptember.Providesrules,results,stationery,onlineentrysubmission.

title:	The Rover Resource Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fn9rla%2F
desc:	Devotedtorover,VHF/UHFweaksignal,andcontesting.

title:	A Searchable Listing Of Open US Repeaters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fkf4bsn%2F
desc:	KF4BSNprovidesalistofrepeatersintheUnitedStates,bystate.

title:	UKrepeater 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukrepeater.net%2F
desc:	InformationontheUnitedKingdomamateurradiorepeaternetworksfromtheRSGBEmergingTechnologyCo-ordinationCommittee.Links,channelfrequencytablesandoperationalstatus.

title:	VA3RR/AA8LU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fva3rr%2F
desc:	FeaturesprojectsincludingaW2IMUfeedhornfor2.4GHzandshortyagisfor2metresonanAz-ElmountaswellasExcelspreadsheetcalculatorsforcalculatingtroposcatterlinksandtransmissionlinetransformations.

title:	VE3DSS/VE3KU VHF UHF Website 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fve3dss
desc:	VHF/UHFpropagationinformation,audioclips,personalbackgroundandlinks.

title:	W3SZ SDR/DSP and VHF Radio Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nitehawk.com%2Fw3sz%2Fw3sz.htm
desc:	FeaturesarticlesonEME,andaudiofiles.AlsoincludesaresourcepageforuseofDSPandSDRtechniquesontheVHFandhigheramateurradiobands.

title:	Satellite Frequency Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fw4sat%2Ffreqgui.htm
desc:	Atabularguidetoamateurradiosatellitefrequencies.

title:	Southern African Amateur Radio Satellite Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amsatsa.org.za%2F
desc:	Focusesonamateursatellitesandweaksignalcommunication.Resourcesincludesnews,articlesandmembershipdetails.

title:	SuitSat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscience.nasa.gov%2Fscience-news%2Fscience-at-nasa%2F2006%2F26jan_suitsat%2F
desc:	SuitSatwaslaunchedin2006.Describesthetechnology.

title:	WB8ERJ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSatellite_Tracking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wb8erj.com%2F
desc:	MikeinMansfield,Ohio,presentsstationinformation,antennaprojectsandQSLcards.

title:	WA1MBA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wa1mba.org%2F
desc:	Devotedtoamateurradiomicrowaves,includingthemicrowavereflector,rainscatter,projectsandlinks.Primarilyfor903MHzandabove.

title:	WSJT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FVHF&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physics.princeton.edu%2Fpulsar%2FK1JT%2Findex.html
desc:	Softwareforamateurradioweak-signalcommunication.

title:	AC6V's Amateur Radio & DX Reference Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ac6v.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesalargecollectionoflinkscoveringhamradioandDXtopics.

title:	Amateur and other Radio Hobbyist Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fredco.net%2Fradio
desc:	Avarietyoflinks,mostlyUnitedStatesbased,fortheradioamateur,shortwavelistenerorotherradiohobbyist.

title:	Amateur Radio Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radioamateur.eu%2F
desc:	Europeandirectorydevotedtoradioamateuractivities,bycategories.[Italian,English]

title:	The Amateur Radio Webring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhub.webring.org%2Fhub%2Famateurradio
desc:	Devotedtotheamateurradiocommunity.

title:	Amateur Radio Wiki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Famateur-radio-wiki.net%2F
desc:	Collaborativeencyclopediaforradioamateurs.

title:	British Columbia Amateur Radio Resource 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamradiobc.com%2F
desc:	Containslistingsof2mand70cmrepeatersintheprovince,IRLPnodes,andlinkstorepeaternetworks.Canada.

title:	DXZone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxzone.com%2F
desc:	Links,includingantique,vintageandmilitaryradios,collectors,museums,andhistory.

title:	eHam.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eham.net%2F
desc:	Amateurcommunityportalfeaturingcallsignlookup,productreviews,classifieds,news,articles,QSLmanagers,forums,propagationinformation,chatandsurveys.

title:	Ham-Directory.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ham-directory.com%2F
desc:	JulianMoss,G4ILO,overseesthissearchableindexofhamradiowebsitesandresources.

title:	HamCall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamcall.co.uk%2F
desc:	UK-basedamateurradioresourcewithDXclusterinformation,nets,forums,searchandfreeclassifieds.

title:	Hamdata 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamdata.com%2F
desc:	CallsignlookupforUnitedStates,Canadaandsomeothercountries.AlsooffersFCCreportsandstatistics.

title:	HamQTH.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamqth.com%2F
desc:	Thiscallsigndatabaseprovidesallinformationfreetousers.Alsooffersaforum.

title:	Easypal and MMSSTV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSSTV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fg0hwc.com%2F
desc:	G0HWC'sliveSSTV,homeoftheSSTV/ATVwebring,andhelpsettingupaSSTVsite.

title:	K3AS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSSTV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k3as.com%2F
desc:	DavidGranoffofNewYorkprovidesphotosofthehamshack,linksandresourcesforSSTV,digi-SSTV,JT-65A,satelliteSSTV,andISSFMpacket.

title:	Mscan Meteo SSTV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSSTV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmscan.com%2F
desc:	MscanSSTVsoftwaretoreceiveandtransmitSSTV.

title:	N8GCD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSSTV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fn8gcd.tripod.com%2Fn8gcdSSTV
desc:	HelpforSSTVbeginners.Includeshistory,troubleshootinginformation,andlinks.

title:	PD4U 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSSTV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pd4u.nl%2F
desc:	SSTVreceptiononseveralfrequencies.LocatedinApeldoorn,Netherlands-JO22XE.

title:	HAMwaves 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamwaves.com%2F
desc:	Varietyofamateurradioinformationincludingonantennasandpropagation.BySergeStroobandt,ON4AA

title:	I1WQRlinkradio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.i1wqrlinkradio.com%2F
desc:	Italianamateurpresentshamradiorelatedlinksorganizedbytopic.

title:	IR3IP hamradio services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fqsl.ir3ip.net%2F
desc:	Directoryoflinksandservicesforhamoperators.Somemodifications.[Italian,English]

title:	JF9EXF 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww4.plala.or.jp%2Fnomrax%2F
desc:	JapaneseamateurTakumiNomurapresentsawebatlasforamateurradio.IncludesWACcontinents,CQzones,ITUzones,gridlocator,andbeammap.

title:	N4UJW Ham Universe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamuniverse.com%2F
desc:	DonpresentsamateurradioinformationforbothnoviceandveteransintheUnitedStates,aswellasinformation,tipsandhowtoprojects.

title:	N9ABF Amateur Radio and Computer Resource Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.n9abf.com%2F
desc:	Containslinkstositesofinteresttohams,organizedbytopic.

title:	NATO Phonetic Alphabet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynamoo.com%2Ftechnical%2Fphonetic.htm
desc:	TheNATOphoneticalphabetwidelyusedinradio,telephoneandmilitarycommunications.

title:	Slow Scan Television Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSSTV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nwnet.co.uk%2Fdexter%2F
desc:	Containssoftwarefordownload,linkstorelatedcontentandmanufacturers.

title:	ON4SKY 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astrosurf.com%2Fluxorion%2Fmenu-qsl.htm
desc:	Thierrypresentsinformationonmostaspectsofamateurradio,withavarietyofresources.[FrenchandEnglish]

title:	Polish Callbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcallbook.pzk.org.pl%2F
desc:	CallsigndatabaseforPolishamateurssponsoredbythePolishAmateurRadioUnion(PZK).

title:	QRZ.COM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qrz.com%2F
desc:	Includesnews,searchablecallsigndatabase,licenserenewalsandupdates,DXspottingreports,APRSresources,clubs,solarreport,andlinks.

title:	QSL Manager Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qslinfo.de%2F
desc:	DB0SDXQSLdatabasemaintainedbyLothar,DL1SBF.Germany.

title:	QSL.NET 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2F
desc:	Emailforwardingaliasesat@qsl.net,availablefreetoradiohamsonly.Alsoofferswebhostingandotheramateurradiorelatedservices.

title:	QTH.Net Mailing Lists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qth.net%2F
desc:	AlistingandsearchofamateurradioemaillistshostedbyQTH.Net.

title:	San Antonio Area Hams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sanantoniohams.org%2F
desc:	Informationfornoviceandexperiencedamateurs,withlinkstolocalclubsinTexas.

title:	Sci.Electronics.Repair FAQ: Surplus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.repairfaq.org%2FELE%2FF_Surplus.html
desc:	Listingofelectronics,surplus,salvagestoresandwarehousesintheUS,Canada,UKandAustralia.

title:	SV2AEL QSL and Flag Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fsv2ael%2Fsv2ael.files%2Fqsls_flags%2Fqsl_flags1.htm
desc:	MostnationsarerepresentedviaQSLandaphotooftheirrepresentativeflags.

title:	TA Callbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tacallbook.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesasearchforradioamateursinTurkey,listofsilentkeys,andAPRS.[Turkish,English]

title:	TexasHams.org - Amateur Radio in Texas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.texashams.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesanoverviewofamateurradioactivitieswithinthestateofTexas.Coversgeneraltopicsaswellasemergencycommunications.

title:	VA3RJ Amateur Radio Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fva3rj%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyofusefulinformationandlinksfortheamateurradioenthusiast.

title:	WM7D 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wm7d.net%2F
desc:	CallsigndatabaseforUnitedStatesandCanada,solarreports,andamateurradioresources.

title:	78thFLOOR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdigilander.libero.it%2Fsozim%2Fham.html
desc:	Rtty,cw,Pactor,Packet,SSTV,QRPandprojects.

title:	Abroham Neal Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abrohamnealsoftware.com%2F
desc:	HomeofDXbaseamateurradiologgingsoftwareandCXClusterforMac.

title:	ACARS Decoder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acarsd.org%2F
desc:	AfreeACARSDecoderforLinuxandWindows,plusareal-timeACARSserverapplication.

title:	Advanced Amateur Radio Software Tools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taborsoft.com%2F
desc:	HFcommunicationsanalysisandradiorelatedsoftwareandpredictiontoolsforamateursandcommunicationsprofessionals.

title:	AI9NL - Harv's Linux software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhamshack-hack.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	LinuxdistributionbasedonKnoppixanddesignedforamateurradiouse.Includesinstallationinstructions,screenshotsandFAQ.

title:	AIO Contest Logging Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ghafler.com%2Fwd8knc.html
desc:	Windows'contestloggingsoftwareforamateurradiooperators.

title:	Amateur Radio Exam Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ah0a.org%2F
desc:	MorseCodeandhamexamquestionsoftware.

title:	Amateur Radio Repository 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhamfiles.co.uk%2F
desc:	RepositoryforAmateurRadiosoftware,mods,circuitdiagrams,servicemanualsandhome-brewelectronics.

title:	Amateur Radio Station W5DJT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w5djt.com%2F
desc:	OffersAwardTrackerprogramforARRL,10-10,CQ,HRN,OMISS,EPC,IOTA,andRAC.

title:	Antenna Rotator Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ea4tx.com%2F
desc:	Universalantennarotorinterfacefordesktoporlaptopcomputers.

title:	Antenna Utilities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ac6la.com%2F
desc:	Softwaretoautomateandanimateantennamodelingandpropagationpredictions.

title:	APRS - Packet Reporting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbrent-hildebrand-kh2z.software.informer.com%2F
desc:	Downloadautomaticpacketreportingsystem(APRS)software.

title:	APRSISCE/32 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Faprsisce.wikidot.com%2F
desc:	AutomaticPacketReportingSystem(APRS)Client,writtenforWindows(x86andx64)andWindowsMobile(CE).ItwillalsorunonLinuxandMacOSunderWINE,aswellasothervirtualmachines.

title:	Atpdec 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fatpdec.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	AtpdecisanopensourceNOAAPOESsatelliteimagesoftwaredecoderforUnixes(inparticularLinux).

title:	Audiocorder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackcatsystems.com%2Fsoftware%2Faudiocorder.html
desc:	TurnaMaccomputerintoaVOXoperatedaudiorecorder.Softwaredesidedspecificallyforunattendedstationrecordings.

title:	Azimuthal Equidistant Projection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wm7d.net%2Faz_proj%2Faz_html%2Fazproj.shtml
desc:	OnlinemapcreationusingAZ_PROJv1.1.6.

title:	B&B Cyber Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbbcyber.com%2F
desc:	CWcontestingsoftware,customprogrammingandothersoftwareproducts.

title:	Bavarian Packet Radio Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baycom.org%2F
desc:	ContainsinformationaboutBayCompacketradiohardwareandsoftwareforradioamateurs.ItalsocontainsgeneralinformationontheGermanpacketradionetwork.

title:	Black Cat Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackcatsystems.com%2F
desc:	MorsecodetutorfortheMacintosh,exampracticeforhamsintheUnitedStates,HFandRFWindowssoftware.

title:	Chris van Gorp PA7RHM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pa7rhm.nl%2F
desc:	UIView32add-ons,APRS,Winlink2000andothersoftware.

title:	Club Log 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clublog.org%2F
desc:	Web-basedhamradiotoolstoproduceDXCCleaguetables,expeditiontools,logsearchservicesandmost-wantedlists.

title:	CommSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sonic.net%2F%7Ecommsoft%2F
desc:	SoftwareformonitoringandanalyzingDXSpots.

title:	CountyLog Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FWD8LQB_Ham_Radio_Software%2F
desc:	Amateurradiologgingsoftware.

title:	CQ Log 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cqlog.com%2F
desc:	Loggingandrigcontrolsoftware.Includesfull-featuredloggingofQSOs,statisticsanddatabases.

title:	DBLog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fz%2Fzp4kfx%2FLinux%2F
desc:	AGNUGPLLinuxloggingprogramusingHamlibfortransceivercontrol,FldigifordigimodesandCwdaemonformorsecode.

title:	DigiPan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digipan.net%2F
desc:	Windows'freewareprogramforPSK31,providingdigitalpanoramictuningforamateurbandstransceivers.

title:	Digital Signal Processing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.romacsoftware.com%2F
desc:	Digitalsignalprocessingsoftwareforturningcomputersintoaudiosolutionsforradioamateuroperators.

title:	DX  Contesting  Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.df3cb.com%2F
desc:	QSLmanagement,labelprintingandcontestingprograms.

title:	DX Atlas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxatlas.com%2F
desc:	Electronicworldatlaswithgrayline,azimuthprojectsforradioamateurs.

title:	DX Monitor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ve3sun.com%2F
desc:	TrackDXspotsfromvarioussourcesanddisplaythemonGoogleEarthandmaps.

title:	DX Shell 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxshell.com%2Findex.html
desc:	Hamradiosoftwareforcontestsandeverydayusage.ProgramsincludeDXclusters,Contests,ContestLogChecker,DXPocket,DXSpotterandADIFMaster.

title:	DX Spyder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxcluster.org%2Fdownload%2F
desc:	PacketDX-clustersoftware.

title:	DXSoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxsoft.com%2F
desc:	CollectionofWindows'hamradioterminal,logging,CWandothersoftware.

title:	EasyLog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easylog.com%2F
desc:	Hamradiologgingsoftwarewithrealtimeoperations.

title:	Elmer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackcatsystems.com%2Fsoftware%2Felmer.html
desc:	AmateurradiolicenseexamtrainingprogramforMac.Includesallexamelementsandpreparessampleexams.Eachexamisgraded,andcorrectanswersareprovided.

title:	EnzoLog the Web Log 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.enzolog.org%2F
desc:	On-lineradiocontactlogsite.

title:	FDLog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fwb6zqz%2Ffdlog%2F
desc:	Fielddatalogthatwillsynchronizelogdatabasesacrossallstations.Includestechnicalinformationanddownload.

title:	FlexNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.afthd.tu-darmstadt.de%2F%7Eflexnet
desc:	ThemainprojectoftheFlexNetGroupinDarmstadt,GermanyisthePC/FlexNetpackagewrittenbyGunterJost,DK7WJ.

title:	Frank's US Ham Exam Trainer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fdl9vf
desc:	Softwaretoprepareforthewrittenamateurlicensetest(element2,3and4),usingARRLpublishedquestionandanswers.

title:	G4HFQ's Polar Plot Softqare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g4hfq.co.uk%2F
desc:	AWindowsprogramtoplotandmeasurearotatingbeamantenna'spolardiagram.

title:	GNU Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgnuradio.org%2F
desc:	Open-sourcesoftwaredevelopmenttoolkitthatprovidessignalprocessingblockstoimplementsoftwareradios.

title:	Ham Log Book Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamlogbook.com%2F
desc:	Twofreeloggingprograms:HamlogbookV5andEZHamLogBookV1.

title:	Ham Radio India Software Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamradioindia.net%2F
desc:	Hamradiosoftwareanddiscussionboard.

title:	Ham Radio Logging QSO Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fik4clf%2Fhome.htm
desc:	FreehamradiologgingsoftwarebasedonAccess97orAccess2000.

title:	HAM Radio Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weaksignals.com%2F
desc:	PCbasedDSPenhancedreceptionanddecodingforweaksignalamateurtransmissions.

title:	HAM University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhamuniversity.com%2F
desc:	AhamradioexamtoolwithquestionsforallthreeFCCwrittenexams,andthreewaystolearnMorsecode.

title:	Ham/2, OS/2 for Amateur Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.datacomm.ch%2Fth.frey%2Fham2%2F
desc:	AhelpsiteforamateurradiooperatorsthatuseOS/2.

title:	HAMIC - Ham Intelligent Calculator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sweetscape.com%2Fhamic%2F
desc:	Asimpleandcomplexcircuitcalculator.

title:	HamInfoBar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.haminfobar.co.uk%2F
desc:	FreetoolbarforhamsandSWLs.Therearelinks,RSSfeeds,DXspots,andmanymorefeatures.

title:	HB9BZA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hb9bza.net%2F
desc:	RXCLUSatelnetandpacketradiosoftware.

title:	HRD Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hrdsoftwarellc.com%2F
desc:	HamRadioDeluxesoftware,anintegratedsuiteofrigcontrol,logging,anddigitalcommunicationssoftware.

title:	iCluster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gm4jjj.co.uk%2FiCluster%2FiCluster.htm
desc:	MacintoshDX-clustertelnetsoftwareinformation.

title:	ICOM CI-V Interface 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plicht.de%2Fekki%2Fciv%2F
desc:	IcomtestsoftwareandthecommandstructureofICOM'sremotecontrolinterfaces.

title:	IRC Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fn9zle.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Iconradiocontrolsoftware.

title:	K9JY WriteLog Contesting Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fk9jy.com%2Fblog%2F
desc:	Hamradiocontestingsoftwareinstructionsandgeneralcontestinginformation.

title:	LA0EM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fla0em%2Findex.html
desc:	HamradioclipartandanOhmsLawcalculator.

title:	LA9NKA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kvalvaag.net%2Fqrbqte%2F
desc:	Asoftwareprogramtofindthedistanceanddirectionsbetweentwogivenpositionsontheearth'ssurface.

title:	Logging and IOTA Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shacklog.co.uk%2F
desc:	StationloggingsoftwareforthebeginnerandtheseasonedDXer,withpowerfuladditiontoolsforIOTAislandchaser.

title:	Macintosh Amateur Radio Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dogparksoftware.com%2FMacintosh_Amateur_Radio_Pr.html
desc:	Macsatellitetracking,loggingDXcluster,spectrumanalyzerandPacSatprotocolsoftware.

title:	MM Hamsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhamsoft.ca%2F
desc:	RTTYandMMSSTVfreewaresoftwareprogramsbyJE3HHT,Makoto(Mako)Mori.

title:	MultiMode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackcatsystems.com%2Fsoftware%2Fmultimode.html
desc:	Macintoshdigitalmodessoftware.DecodesandtransmitsCW,RTTY,ASCII,SSTV,FAX,ACARS,PSK31,HELL,DTMFandSITOR.

title:	N0HR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.n0hr.com%2F
desc:	LoggingandMorsecodesoftwareforPocketPCPDAs.AlsoDXpropagationinformationandhamradioresources.

title:	N1MM Contest Logger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fn1mm.hamdocs.com%2Ftiki-index.php
desc:	Afree,opensourcecontestloggingprogramforphone,CW,anddigitalmodes.

title:	N3FJP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.n3fjp.com%2F
desc:	Windowsbasedgenerallogging,contest-specific,andhamexamsoftware.

title:	NBTV, SSTV, DNBTV Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fhb9tlk%2F
desc:	NarrowbandteleVisionTX-RXWindowsSoftwareforwebcamsandsoundcard.

title:	NDB Logging Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classaxe.com%2Fdx
desc:	FreeNDBloggingsoftwareandreceptionlogsforLFradiobeacons.

title:	Norwich City Shareware Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncsl.co.uk%2Fncsl.html
desc:	Amateurradiooperatorsoftwarelibrary,includingcontestloggingandmicrowavetestequipment.

title:	Nu Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nu-ware.com%2F
desc:	NuMorse,NuTestandotherhamradioeducationalandutilitiessoftwareprograms.

title:	ON1DHT's Software for Radioamateurs and SWL's 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.belgacom.net%2Fhamradio%2Fhamsoft.htm
desc:	UISSpacketprogramforISS,RX-PSK31,PREFINDandothersoftwareprogramsforradioamateursandshortwavelisteners.

title:	OscarDelta IP Packet Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fipoverax25.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	PacketradiosoftwaretoprovideTCP/IPcommunicationsforhamradiooperators.

title:	PocketDigi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsourceforge.net%2Fprojects%2Fpocketdigi%2F
desc:	AWindowsCEdigitaldecorderforPSK31,RTTYandCWmodes.

title:	PSK31 Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Faintel.bi.ehu.es%2Fpsk31.html
desc:	PSK31software,mailinglists,informationandlinks.

title:	PstRotator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fyo3dmu%2Findex_Page346.htm
desc:	Antennasoftwarethatsupportsloggers,DXclusterclients,satellitesandmoontrackers.

title:	QSO Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fik4clf%2F
desc:	HFQSO/QSLawardmanagementsoftwarewithADIFimportingandexporting.

title:	QuickWAS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Faa4m.com%2Fquickwas%2F
desc:	WASawardstrackingandreporting.

title:	Radio Mobile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cplus.org%2Frmw%2Fenglish1.html
desc:	FreeWindowspropagationtoolwithsupportonotheroperatingsystemsbyWine.

title:	RadioTelephone Tutor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fradiotelephonetutor.com%2F
desc:	SoftwaretopreparefortheFCChamradio,generalradiotelephoneoperatorlicense(GROL)andradarlicencingexams.

title:	Resistor Color Code Calculator. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsearchingtabs.com%2Frcolor%2Frescolor.htm
desc:	Tooltocalculateresistorvaluesusingtheirbandcolors.Thecalculatorsupports3,4,5,and6colorbands.

title:	Scancat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scancat.com%2F
desc:	ProgrammingsoftwareforRadioShackPRO-95,96and99scanners.

title:	SD Contest Logger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ei5di.com%2F
desc:	Afastandsimpleloggingutilityformajorinternationalcontestsandotherevents.

title:	SH5 Contest Log Analyzer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Fsh5analyzer%2F
desc:	Offersscreenshotsanddownload.

title:	Shortwave Applications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orchidcitysoftware.com%2F
desc:	ShortwaveradioschedulingandQSLcardmanagersoftware.

title:	Slovenian Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoftware.hamradio.si%2F
desc:	HamradiosoftwarewrittenbySlovenianamateurs,andfeatureslogging,printingandutilityprograms.

title:	Software Defined Radio (SDR) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhpsdr.org%2F
desc:	Opensourcehardwareandsoftwareprojecttousesoftwaredefinedradioforamateurradio(HAM).

title:	Soundcard Audio Tools and Toys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techmind.org%2Faudio%2Findex.html
desc:	Freesoundcardbasedaudioappletsforfrequenciesupto20kHz..Applesinclude:real-timespectrumanalysis,frequencycountingandinstrumenttunerandsinewavesignalgenerator.

title:	Spacejock HamTime 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spacejock.com%2FHamTime.html
desc:	Anaudiblealarmforwhencallsignannouncementisdue.

title:	SPLAT! A Terrestrial RF Path Analysis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fkd2bd%2Fsplat.html
desc:	RFpropagationsoftwaretoanalyzesignalcoverageoverirregularterrain.

title:	SQUIRL - Field Day Logger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fkc8opv%2Fsquirl-fd%2F
desc:	Softwareloggingtoolforfielddaysandcontests.

title:	SuperControl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.supercontrol.de%2F
desc:	CATsoftwareforamateurradiotransceiversFT1000MP,FT100,FT847,FT920,FT817andFT897.

title:	SV2AGW 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sv2agw.com%2F
desc:	Packetradiotransmissionsoftware.

title:	Swisslog Ham Radio Logbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swisslogforwindows.com%2F
desc:	SWISSLOGforWindows,worldmaps,propagationpredictionandlinks.

title:	TR Log by N6TR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trlog.com%2F
desc:	Contestloggingsoftware.

title:	TRX-Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trx-manager.com%2F
desc:	RigcontrolandloggingprogramforYaesu,Icom,Kenwood,TenTecandAlincoradios.

title:	UISS Packet Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.belgacom.net%2Fhamradio%2Fuiss.htm
desc:	PacketradiosoftwaretocommunicationwiththeInternationalSpaceStation.

title:	VE3SQB Antenna Designs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ve3sqb.com%2F
desc:	Programstodesignsomeofthemostcommontypesofantennasandasomeexperimentalantennadesigns.

title:	Virtual Transceiver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamsphere.com%2F
desc:	VirtualamateurradiotransceiversoftwareforWindows,MacorLinuxsystems.

title:	VK3EVL.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vk3evl.com%2F
desc:	EasyPaldigitalSSTVsoftware.

title:	VO1PWF Ham Radio Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linuxwolfpack.com%2Fhamradio.php
desc:	AcollectionofLinux,WindowsandPHPhamradioapplicationsforantennadesign,hamradiocalculations,Morsecodepracticeandothersoftware.

title:	VOACAP Quick Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.voacap.com%2F
desc:	ManualforgettingstartedwithVOACAP,anionosphericpredictionsoftwareprogram.

title:	Win-Test 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.win-test.com%2F
desc:	Contestloggingsoftware,FAQandtestimonials.

title:	WinAFSK decoder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwinafsk.sourceforge.net%2F
desc:	DecodesAFSK1200,AFSK2400,HAPN4800andFSK9600packetdatawitharadioconnectedtoacomputer'saudiodevice.

title:	WINScanner Radio Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmalzev.tripod.com%2Fradiodoc%2Fsoftware.htm
desc:	SoftwaretointegratecommunicationswithtransceiversorscannersandaPC.

title:	XMLog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xmlog.com%2F
desc:	Amateurradiologbooksoftware.

title:	Amateur Radio Teletype (RTTY) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rtty.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationrelatingtoRTTYandBAUDOTcommunications.Includeshistory,resourcesandschematics.

title:	APRS DB0ANF 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.db0anf.de%2F
desc:	Germanaccesstoanonlinestationdatabase.IncludesAPRSactivityinGermany.

title:	APRS Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aprsfl.net%2F
desc:	Serverandrepeaterinformation,liveCentralFloridalightningandweatherdata.

title:	APRS in Switzerland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fhb9pvi%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationonAPRSinSwitzerland,mapsandjavAPRSlivefromHB9PVIandHB9BA.

title:	APRS on Google Maps 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Faprs.fi%2F
desc:	Globalreal-timeAPRSmapview,updatesautomaticallywithoutreloading.

title:	XPWare Communications Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FSoftware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glaswerks.com%2Fxpware
desc:	Advancedcommunicationssoftware.

title:	APRS-IS Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aprs-is.net%2F
desc:	ResourceforjavAPRS,javAPRSSrvr,andtheAPRSweatherserver.

title:	APRS: Automatic Packet Reporting System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aprs.org%2F
desc:	Containslinks,downloadsandmapsofactivityintheUnitedStates.

title:	APRS: Automatic Position Reporting System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aprs.net%2F
desc:	JavaAppletforAutomaticPositionReportingSystemshowingpositionreportsfromamateurradiooperatorsinSouthFlorida.

title:	Introduction to Packet Radio by Larry Kenney, WB9LOZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.choisser.com%2Fpacket%2F
desc:	Aseriesofeighteenarticlesoriginallywrittenin1988toappearinNuts&Volts,thenewsletteroftheSanFranciscoAmateurRadioClub.

title:	KA1FSB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmysite.verizon.net%2Fka1fsb%2Findex.html
desc:	KarlNortonprovidesinformationaboutJNOSandAX25utilitiesforPacketRadioonLinux.Thesitealsocoversthetopicsofhomebrew,TCM3105,net105,andJ-Poleantennas.

title:	NC7J DX Web Cluster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nc7j.com%2F
desc:	DXpacketclusterfortheUtahContestClub,Layton,Utah.

title:	Northern California Packet Association (NCPA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fncpa.n0ary.org%2F
desc:	AmateurpacketradioclubfornorthernCaliforniaarea.Containsinformationonhowtojoin,meetingandmemberdetails.

title:	OpenAPRS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.openaprs.net%2F
desc:	Providesreal-timeAPRSdatainandaroundNapa,California.

title:	S51RM and S53RM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Flea.hamradio.si%2F%7Es53rm%2F
desc:	InformationresourceforS5-PSK1.2MbpsBPSKpacketradiostationfor23and13cm(and9cm),S5-70WBFMpacketradiostationfor70cmbandand19k2to76k8bps,S5-PCC-packetcommunicationcard.

title:	Southern Ontario Packet Radio Association (SOPRA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.packetradio.ca%2F
desc:	Officialsite.Featuresdetailsonthepacketnodesandservicesprovidedbytheorganizationtotheamateurradiocommunity,withfrequencies.

title:	Southern Oregon Amateur Packet Radio Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fsoar%2FSOAPRA%2F
desc:	PromotingpacketinthemountainousregionofSouthernOregonandNorthernCalifornia.

title:	Tucson Amateur Packet Radio (TAPR) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPacket_Radio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tapr.org%2F
desc:	TAPRisaninternationalnon-profiteducationalresearchanddevelopmentorganizationfocusedontheissuesofamateurradiowirelessdigitalcommunications.

title:	ARRL: PSK31 Spec 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDigital&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arrl.org%2Fpsk31-spec
desc:	ProvidesinformationonPSK31includingvaricodecharacters,convolutionalcodeandViterbidecoding.

title:	Ham Radio and More Digital Topics Radio Show 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDigital&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tapr.org%2Fhrm.html
desc:	RealAudioarchivesoftalkradiocoveringavarietyofhamradiomodetopics.

title:	N1NKM's PSK31 ELMER page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDigital&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mymorninglight.org%2Fham%2Fpsk.htm
desc:	Containssetuphowtoandtips,alongwithdiagramsandphotos.

title:	NB6Z - Digital HF Ham Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDigital&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyplace.frontier.com%2F%7Enb6z%2F
desc:	InformationonmodernmodesofHFdigitalhamradio,bandpropagation,antennapageandfilesfordownload.

title:	Official PSK31 Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDigital&url=http%3A%2F%2Faintel.bi.ehu.es%2Fpsk31.html
desc:	AdigitalmodeusefulforkeyboardtokeyboardQSOs.Worksat31.25bauds.Easytouseandmonitor.GivesgoodcopyunderpoorSNRandisthussuitableforQRP.UsesBPSKorQPSK.

title:	PSK31 - Wikipedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDigital&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FPSK31
desc:	Giveshistory,useandsometechnicalinformation.

title:	PSK31 Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDigital&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbpsk31.com%2F
desc:	ResourceforPSK31setupandoperation.Emaildiscussionlist.

title:	WM2U's PSK31 Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDigital&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fwm2u%2Fpsk31.html
desc:	ProvidesadefinitionofPhaseShiftKeying,PSK,diagramsandhowtotips.

title:	14300.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2F14300.net%2F
desc:	Anadvocacysitedesignedtopromoteactivitiesonthethisfrequencyinthe20-meterband.ProvideslinksandsummaryinformationforInterconNet,theMarineMobileServiceNetandthePacificSeafarer'sNet.

title:	1721 HF Roundtable Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamuniverse.com%2F1721.html
desc:	Aninformalroundtableon40-metersforallamateurs.Includescontactinformationandcheck-intimes.

title:	3955 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3955.us%2F
desc:	GivestimesandhistoryofthenetwhichisbasedinPennsylvaniaandNewYork.

title:	ANZA DX Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanzadxnet.webs.com%2F
desc:	20and15metersDXnetforamateurradiooperators.

title:	British Columbia Public Service Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bcpsn.com%2F
desc:	Includeshistoryandoperationofthenet.Providesnetcontrolsoftwareandperiodicdatabaseupdates.BritishColumbia,Canada.

title:	Christian Amateur Radio Fellowship 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carf.net%2F
desc:	Featuresclubandmembershipinformation,amessageboard,photosandChristianamateurlinks.

title:	Columbia Basin Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcbn.homestead.com%2F
desc:	Operateson3.960KHzdailyat7:00pm.Includesmembershiprequirements,rosterandphotoalbum.

title:	Euro-QSO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhb9tmw.free.fr%2FEuroNet%2F
desc:	Information,reportsandmembersoftheEuro-NetQSOon80m.Includestechnicalarticlesandpictures.

title:	Friendly 7.188 Net Amateur Radio Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.friendly7188net.net%2F
desc:	AnassociationforCaribbeanamateurradiooperatorsandnets,withnews,informationsharingandnetworking.Includeslistofrepeaters,netsandamap.

title:	Georgia CW Training Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fad4dx.com%2Fgtn%2F
desc:	MorseCodetrainingnetmeetsdailyat9:00pmEDT(0100hoursUTC)on3549KHz-3.549MHz.IncludesQcodes.

title:	Golden Bear Amateur Radio Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goldenbearnet.org%2F
desc:	Providesmembershiprequirements,events,rosterandtraffichandlinginformation.

title:	Interconnect Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interconnet.org%2F
desc:	Operatingdailyon14.300,thisgroup'spurposeistopromotegoodwillbetweenoperatorsandhandlethird-partytrafficbetweenapprovedcountriesandentities.

title:	Maritime Mobile Service Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmmsn.org%2F
desc:	Foundedin1968andoperatingon14.300,theMMSNisanetworkofradioamateursmeetingon14.300toservemaritimemobilesanddeployedmilitaryprimarilythroughtraffichandling.

title:	Nightly Talk Around Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fntan
desc:	Promotingamateurradiowithin-depthinformation,contestandQSLfrequencies,contactlist,andlinks.

title:	NWCC - Northwest Country Cousins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nwcousins.net%2F
desc:	Adirectednetthatmeetseacheveningonornearthefrequency3970KHzat7:00PMPacificprevailingtime.Includesofficers,rosterandlinks.

title:	Ohio Single Side-Band Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ossbn.org%2F
desc:	Featuresnetdetails,photos,linksincludingtomemberpagesandforms.

title:	The Pacific Seafarer's Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacseanet.com%2F
desc:	Organizedtoprovidesupport,assistanceanddailytrackingforcruisingboatsatsea,thenettracksandassistsvesselsonaglobalbasis.AlllicensedamateursGeneralClassandabovearewelcometotakepart,howeverinanemergencythenetassistswithallradiocommunicationsfromanystation.14.300MHzdailyat0300UTC.

title:	The PowWow Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fve3oy%2Fpwc.htm
desc:	Operatesonorabout3.750MhzLSBatmidnightEST-05:00UTC,fromtheendofSeptembertotheend
ofApril.

title:	The Rotten Apples Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rottenapplesgroup.com%2F
desc:	40-meteramateurradioclub;includesclubinformation,roster,membershiplist,photos,andlinks.

title:	South Coast Amateur Radio Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southcars.com%2F
desc:	Georgianetclubon7.251MHz.Resourcesincludenetschedules,rosterandphotos,chat,andforums.Thegroup'spurposeistoassistthoseseekingtocontactotheramateurradiostations,orareas,toprovideweatherandtravelinformation,andtoassistinemergencies.

title:	South West Astronomy Observers Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swaog.com%2F
desc:	AgroupofamateurastronomerswhomeetweeklyontheDuPageARCrepeatertodiscusstheirmutualinterest-eMail,IRLPandEchoLinkparticipationarepermitted.Reports,eventnoticesandtheexperiencesofcheck-insarealwayswelcome.(DuPage,IL)

title:	Western Country Cousins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wccnet.us%2F
desc:	Thisnetmeetsnightlyonornear3970KHzat9:00pmPacifictime.Containsofficerlist,membershiprequirementsandeventsdetails.

title:	Yahoo Groups: The Insomniac Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FNets&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Finsomniac-net%2F
desc:	Nightlyneton70cm,theWesternIntertieNetwork(WIN)System,TheWinSystemIRLPReflector9100andonAllstarLinkViaHub2560.

title:	ARRL Country Code List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arrl.org%2Ffiles%2Ffile%2Fdxcclist.txt
desc:	OfficiallistofHamcallsignprefixesforallcountries.ThoseparticipatinginDXcontestswillalsoneedthelistedITUandCQmagazinenumbersforthevariouszonesandregions.

title:	The Art and Skill of Radio Telegraphy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fn1su.com%2Fcontents.htm
desc:	Downloadsiteforamanualonlearning,using,masteringandenjoyingtheInternationalMorsecodeasameansofcommunication.

title:	Canadian Railway Telegraph History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainweb.org%2Frailwayop%2F
desc:	HistoryonMorsecode,telegraphy,andsemaphores.

title:	CT1EFL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fct1efl%2F
desc:	DedicatedtohighspeedCW.

title:	FISTS CW Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fists.co.uk%2F
desc:	SocietyfoundedbythelateGeoLongdenG3ZQS,dedicatedtothecontinueduseandtrainingofMorseCode.

title:	FISTS CW Club Code Buddy Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fw9em%2F
desc:	ImproveyourCWabilityorvolunteertohelpothersasanontheairCWElmerorstudent.

title:	Hamsoft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fradio.linux.org.au%2F
desc:	Linuxsoftwareforthehamcommunity,specificallyxdemorse,aGTK-basedapplicationfordecodinganddisplayingMorsecodesignals.

title:	The International Morse Preservation Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fists.org%2F
desc:	News,contacts,membershipdetails,andinformationforallMorsecodeusersandfans.

title:	K3WWP's CW - QRP page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.windstream.net%2Fjohnshan%2F
desc:	K3WWP'sactivitiesinhamradio,includingCW,QRP,contesting,homebrewing,awardhunting,andDXing

title:	Learning Morse Code Painlessly,  by Bill Weinhardt W9PPG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Four.tentativetimes.net%2Fopine%2Fbillcode.html
desc:	ResourcesforlearningMorsecode.

title:	Manchester Wireless  Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fg5ms%2Fset1.htm
desc:	AclubthatteachesMorseforfree.5-12wpmstandardtogetmembersthroughthetest.

title:	Morse Code and Phonetic Alphabets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmorsecode.scphillips.com%2F
desc:	IncludesJavaandCGItranslators,alphabets,andFAQs.

title:	Morse Code MIDI and Text Generator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.robertecker.com%2Fhp%2Fresearch%2Fmorse-generator.php
desc:	OnlineresourcetoconverttexttoMorseCode,orMorsecodetotext.ResultsmaybesavedasMIDIfile.

title:	Morse Telegraph Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morsetelegraphclub.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtopreservingthehistoryoftelegraphy,withforumstodiscusshistoricusageaswellasmodernapplications.

title:	A Morse Trainer using the Koch method 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g4fon.net%2FCW%2520Trainer.htm
desc:	TrainingtolearnMorsecode.

title:	NW7US Morse Code (CW) Radio Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hfradio.org%2Fkoch_1.html
desc:	LearningMorseCodetheKochMethod.

title:	NW7US MorseCode Resource 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcw.hfradio.org%2F
desc:	Includeoperatingtips,procedures,short-handguide,andencouragingstories.

title:	PA3BWK's Ultimate Morse Code 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morsecode.nl%2F
desc:	HighSpeedClubsforvarioustransmissionrates.Comics,humor,commonabbreviations,andsoftwarelinks.

title:	Prosigns, Q Signals and CW Abbreviations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamuniverse.com%2Fqsignals.html
desc:	AlsoincludesanumberoflinksofinteresttoCWoperators.

title:	Straight Key Century Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skccgroup.com%2F
desc:	SKCCresourceforthoseinterestedinusingtraditional'straight'MorseCodekeyingdevices,includinghelpwithlearningandimprovingCodeskills.

title:	The Telegraph Wireless World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fn6tt%2F
desc:	N6TT'ssiteaboutamateurradioandcommunicationviaMorseCode.

title:	Telegraphy Friends Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ok1hcg.cz%2Fen%2Ftfc
desc:	InformationforactiveCWradiooperators.Featuresclubinformationandawards.

title:	Virtual Bug 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ae4rv.com%2Ftn%2Feducation%2Fbug.htm
desc:	Acomputer-simulatedVibroplexsemi-automaticMorseCodekey,createdwithMacromediaFlash.Itshowstheworkingsofabugandteachesthepartnames.

title:	W1WC CW Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fw1wc.com%2Fcw%2F
desc:	amateurhamradiocwlinksandinterestingcontent

title:	What is CW? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FMorse_Code&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dslreports.com%2Ffaq%2F15674
desc:	Tipsandlinksre.toHamradiouseofMorsecode.

title:	Electronics Forum India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRegional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.electronicsforum.in%2F
desc:	ForumforIndianelectronicshobbyistsinterestedinDIYandamateur/HAMradioenthusiasts.

title:	HamRadioIndia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRegional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamradio.in%2F
desc:	GatewayforIndianradioamateurs.FeaturesIndianamateurnews,photos,electronicandmicroprocessorhobbycircuitsandapplications,downloadsanddiscussionforums.

title:	QRZ Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FRegional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qrz.co.il%2F
desc:	Israelamateurcommunityfeaturesaphotogallery.

title:	Amateur Television Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fatn-tv.org%2F
desc:	AmateurtelevisioninformationforseveralstatesintheUnitedStates.Listsnets,repeatermapsandprovidesanapplicationform.

title:	ATCO Group Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atco.tv%2F
desc:	Meetingdates,repeaterfrequencies,technicaldatasummary,andtransmitterinformation.Columbus,Ohio.

title:	BATC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.batc.tv%2Findex.php
desc:	ATVstationsportalfeaturesfilmarchive,andlistofrepeaters.

title:	F5AD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Ff5ad.free.fr%2F
desc:	AndreDucrosexplainsATVrepeatersandmethodstobeactiveinATVfrom438MHzto10GHz,andprovidesdatasheetsonamateurtelevisionandshortwaveantennas.France.[English/French]

title:	K4IBC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fk4ibc
desc:	WeatherATVrepeaterprojectwithpictures,schematicblockdiagrams,andpartssupplierlistingsbyBillBennettofSouthCarolina,UnitedStates.

title:	K6SEE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fsee%2Fatv.htm
desc:	SocietyofEtherExplorersincludesreceptionandATVrepeaterinformation.SanFrancisco,California,UnitedStates.

title:	PE1DWG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpe1dwq.nl%2F
desc:	Netherlands-basedamateurFritspresentsstationinformation,ATVprojects,photosandlinks.

title:	S51KQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Flea.hamradio.si%2F%7Es51kq%2F
desc:	SlovenianATV,repeaters,beacons,hardwareandsoftware,broadcast,andpacketradiobyMijoKovacevic.

title:	Triangle Amateur TV Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Ftri-atv%2F
desc:	NorthCarolinaclubsupportingamateurTVintheRaleigh-Durham-ChapelHillarea.Containsinformationontherepeater,meetings,andarticles[.PDFformat].

title:	ZL1WTT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FATV&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fzl1wtt%2F
desc:	NewZealand-basedresourceforATVinformation,includingtechnicaldata,projects,andhistory.

title:	1937 Frank C. Jones Radio Handbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scribd.com%2Fdoc%2F51793787%2FAntenna-Handbook-1937
desc:	Selectedpagesfromthebook

title:	2 Meter Loop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamuniverse.com%2Floop.html
desc:	Pagecontainspicturesandplansfor2MeterLoopforuseonssb.

title:	73 de WD5GNR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wd5gnr.com%2F
desc:	Informationabouthomebrewelectronics,PCboards,microcontrollers,BasicStamps,andotheraspectsofhamradio.Projects,andtips.

title:	7N3WVM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2F7n3wvm%2F
desc:	Manygoodhintsandprojectsforthehomebrewer.

title:	80m CW Transmitter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hanssummers.com%2Fcwtx%2Fcwtx1.html
desc:	6BM8amateurradiorigwith8wattsoutputbyG0UPL.

title:	AB4EL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibiblio.org%2Fmodena%2Fhamradio.html
desc:	Notes,andarchivesaboutboatanchors,tuberigs,homebrewing,HeathkitsandQRP.

title:	AB4YD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fab4yd%2F
desc:	PlansandschematicsfromBill'sglowbugprojectaswellasinformationaboutreceivingtubes,fromtheGEessentialcharacteristicstubemanual,dateunknown.

title:	AK0B Glowbug and Homebrew Radios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fak0b%2F
desc:	PicturesandarticleonbuildingaQRPtransmitter.

title:	Amateur Radio Antennas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iw5edi.com%2Fham-radio%2F
desc:	OffersacollectionofantennaplansforHFandVHFbands,withassemblinginstructions,drawingsandpictures.

title:	Amateur Radio Construction Projects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seboldt.net%2Fk0jd%2F
desc:	IncludesasimpleCWstation,andR1-R2DCreceivers.

title:	Amateur Radio Homebrewing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ik3oil.it%2Fmenu_eng.htm
desc:	AcollectionofprojectsandresourcesforHamRadioHomebrewingenthusiasts

title:	Bartlesville Kilowatt Transmitter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amfone.net%2FECSound%2FBartlesvilleTX%2Fbvilletx.htm
desc:	Homebrewrigfrom1937,builtbyW5GAE,PrestonGaddisofBartlesville,OK.,whoisnowasilentkey.

title:	Crystal Radio and Tubes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crystalradio.net%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtocrystalandoldbatteryradios,includingtubesets.Includesrestorationprojectsandplans.

title:	DF9CY 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.df9cy.de%2Fserendipity%2Findex.php
desc:	ChristophPetermannwitharticlesonmakingantennasandequipment.

title:	DH1TW 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dh1tw.de%2F
desc:	Combinationofnews,viewsandpodcasts.Mainsubjectsfeaturedarecontesting,SDRprojects,andradiorelatedITtopics.

title:	DL4MEA, Guenter Koellner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fdl4mea%2F
desc:	Homebrewprojects,especiallyVHF/UHF.Includeshighpoweramplifiers.

title:	DL5NEG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fh1866352.stratoserver.net%2F
desc:	Variousreceivers,transceiversandconvertersforHFtoUHF.

title:	DSP-10 Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.proaxis.com%2F%7Eboblark%2Fdsp10.htm
desc:	2-Metertransceiverthatcanbebuiltathome.Plans.

title:	F1FLA - X-Yagis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Ff1fla%2FEnglish%2FPage_de_garde.htm
desc:	HowtobuildbigX-YagisforVHF

title:	Farhan's Homebrew QRP (VU2FAX) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phonestack.com%2Ffarhan%2F
desc:	homebrewtransceivers,experiments,DSP

title:	FlashWebHost.com: Ham Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flashwebhost.com%2Fham_radio%2F
desc:	Offersacircuitdiagramofa7MHzSSBtransceiver.

title:	Fox Delta Amateur Radio Projects and Kits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffoxdelta.com%2F
desc:	HomebrewingprojectsandkitssuchasDDS,frequencycounters,LCDpowermeter,andsoundcardinterfaces.

title:	G0UPL Homebrew Radio, Electronics & Computers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hanssummers.com%2F
desc:	ManyhomebrewprojectsforRadio,ElectronicsandComputersincludingQRPHFRadio,Z80Computers

title:	G4LNA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fg4lna%2F
desc:	SmallcollectionofcircuitideasandprojectsbyPaulBalaam.

title:	Glowbugs Radio by UU1CC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glowbugs.info%2F
desc:	Glowbugshomebrewprojects,raretubedata,translatedarticlesfromtheoldxUSSRHAM-radiohandbooksandmagazines.

title:	HA8ET 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ha8et.hu%2F
desc:	GyulaNagypresentshomebrewandprojectpagesforpreamplifiers,RLB'sandreturndiplexersandtechnicalarticles.Hungary.

title:	HAM Antenna Plans and Projects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamuniverse.com%2Fantennas.html
desc:	Plans,pictures,partslistsforHF,VHF,UHFantennas.

title:	HAM Projects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Frxcontrol.free.fr%2F
desc:	TechnicalinformationforHF,remote-controlanddigitaldecodingdevices,plusaCPU-basedhardwareproject.

title:	Harry's Homebrew 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sm0vpo.com%2F
desc:	Aresourceforhamradioandelectronicsingeneral.Includesprojects,referencedocuments,andkits.

title:	HB9ABX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.datacomm.ch%2Fhb9abx%2Fham-brew.htm
desc:	Homebrewsitewithahf-mobile,magneticloopantennaandduplexerprojects.Alsocabledatasheetsareavailable.

title:	HF Projects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aholme.co.uk%2FProjects.htm
desc:	ClassicHFreceiversandelectronicconstructionalprojectsincludingatelephoneexchange,spectrumanalyzer,andhomemadeTTLcomputers.

title:	Homebrew and Electronics Tutorials 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fyb0ah.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Indonesianamateurofferstechnicalinformation,projects,manualsandlinks.

title:	Homebrew Spectrum Anlyzer Project. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nitehawk.com%2Frasmit%2Fsa50.html
desc:	ThisisaninformationpageaboutaspectrumanalyzerhomebrewprojectbaseduponaTVtunerfrontend.Muchprojectrelatedinformationisprovided.

title:	IZ7ATH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fiz7ath%2Fweb%2F02_brew%2Fbrew_eng.htm
desc:	Antennas,keyers,amplifiersandequipmentfordigitalmodes.

title:	JF1OZL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intio.or.jp%2Fjf10zl%2F
desc:	Alargeandvariedselectionofprojectstobuild.EnglishandJapanesetext.

title:	K2ZS.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k2zs.com%2F
desc:	Offersdetailsonbuildinganindoorstealthantennaandinformationonexperienceswiththem.

title:	K4GC's Homebrew Amateur Radio Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fk4gc%2F
desc:	Homebrewamateurradiositeincludingtubeandsolidstatetransmittersandreceivers.

title:	K5BCQ Homebrew 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fk5bcq%2F
desc:	Forradioenthusiastsinterestedinbuildingandusingthe1950s-60seraHBRreceivers.RepairinformationforHeathkitSB-104,SB-101,andHW-101transceivers.

title:	K5DKZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k5dkz.com%2F
desc:	Offersinformationabouthomemadeaudioamplifiers,RFamplifiers,auxiliaryhamradioequipmentincludingantennadesignsandconstructions.

title:	K8EOP 5-band SSB transmitter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boatanchors.org%2FSBpkg.htm
desc:	Sitedescribestherigbuiltbythis'silentkey',anditshowspicturesandadescription.ThankstoAl,W8UT.

title:	K9GDT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fk9gdt%2Findex.htm
desc:	Georgedescribeshishomebrewprojects:a40mCW/SSBreceiver,40m100wattCW/SSB/AM/RTTYtransmitter,75mAMtransceiverand600WattHFamplifier.

title:	KD7NRQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fkd7nrq%2F
desc:	Jasonsharesinformationondesignandconstructionofavintage813beampowertubeCWcrystaltransmitter.

title:	Ken Lotts AA7JC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lotts.net%2Fken%2Fham%2F
desc:	Homebrew40meterCWtransmitterandaQRPCWtransceiver.

title:	Klunky Schematic Editor Home Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fwd9eyb%2Fklunky%2Fhome.html
desc:	Intendedforusebyradioamateurstodrawsmallschematics,forsmallprojects.

title:	LY3LP Laboratory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsa555.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	AblogwithQRP,20m,6mand2mhomebrewprojectscompletedwithaSARCnewsfeed.

title:	M1HOG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.m1hog.com%2F
desc:	AmateurRadioconstructionprojectsincludingQRP,homebrewandkits.SpecialeventoperatingacrosstheUK.

title:	Magnetic Loop Antenna Plans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nonstopsystems.com%2Fradio%2Ffrank_radio_antenna_magloop.htm
desc:	USRadioAmateurFrank,N4SPP,presentsplansonhowtobuildyourownantenna.

title:	N6EV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fn6ev%2F
desc:	GlowbugreferencesfromARRLhandbooks,schematics,projects,filesandarchives.

title:	N6GN Microwave Link Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sonic.net%2F%7En6gn%2F
desc:	InformationabouttheMulti-Megabit/secMicrowaveDataLinkarticlewhichwasfirstpublishedintheDecember1989editionofHamRadioMagazine.

title:	Portable Lightplants and Generators 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FHomebrew&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fns8o%2Fwelcome.html
desc:	Homebrewedalternatorsandgeneratorswithphotosanddetails.

title:	5Z4FT/KI4LTH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2F5z4ft%2Findex.html
desc:	LicensedinNairobi,KenyaandinGeorgia,UnitedStates,AndrewOjwangsharesstation,projectandQSLinformation,photos,andlinks.

title:	9A5BDD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2F9a5bdd.com%2F
desc:	PersonalwebpageofIvanPalcic,dedicatedtotheworldofhamradio.Includesbiography,newsandeventsfromZagrebRadioClubaswellasaphotogallery.Novalja,PagIsland,Croatia.

title:	9M6MU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2F9m6mu%2F
desc:	AlfonsUndanfromKeningauSabah,MalaysiawithFAQ,photographs,andlinks.

title:	AB0CW's Amateur and Antique Radio Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fab0cw%2F
desc:	Interestsareoperating,maintaining,andrestoringvintagegear,aswellasbuildinghomebrewequipment,bothtubeandsolidstate.Featuresphotosandarticles.

title:	Atlas Radio History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fon6ab%2FHistory.html
desc:	BriefdescriptionofHerbertG.Johnson,W6QKI,founderofSwanElectronicsandAtlasRadioCo.

title:	Boatanchors Amateur Radio Web Ring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fwebring%3Fring%3Dba
desc:	Sitesintheringcoverboatanchortopics;operating,restoring,building,buyingandsellingoldtuberadioequipment.

title:	David Knight Radio, Electrical and Electronic Articles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g3ynh.info%2F
desc:	G3YNHprovidesacollectionofscientificarticlesonthesubjectofimpedance,impedancematchingandhigh-frequencypowertransmission,RacalRA17andrelatedequipment,Trio/KenwoodTS-430Sinformation,andnumericalindicator(Nixie*)tubes.

title:	AA2UZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Faa2uz%2Findex.html
desc:	FeaturesphotographsofTadeuszKochinPoland.

title:	CE4RWS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fce4rws%2F
desc:	NickQuintasofTalcaCity,RepublicofChile,withQSLinformation,linksandamap.

title:	CT1EKD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fct1ekd.netpower.pt%2F
desc:	PedroNamoraofTorresVedras,Portugalpresentsphotosofhisantennasandequipment.

title:	CT1ETE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fct1ete
desc:	APortugueseamateurandhishamradioresource.Includesphotographsandlinks.

title:	CT1ETT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fct1ett%2F
desc:	RogerGonzagaofPortugalwithQRPinformation,hisprofessionasasurgeryprofessorandclubaffiliations.

title:	EA3TC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fea3tc%2Fnewpage03.html
desc:	Barcelonaamateur,JohnAymerichBergay,offersstationphotographs,historyandlogs.Aresourcepageofferslistingsandexternallinksforavarietyofsubjects.[English,SpanishandFrench].

title:	FG5LA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffg5la.pagesperso-orange.fr%2F
desc:	AmateurradioinGuadeloupeIsland.Log,historyofGuadeloupe,andpictures.

title:	HB9DOW 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.datacomm.ch%2Fhb9dow%2Findex.html
desc:	Descriptionofhisradioequipmentandlinks.Basel,Switzerland.[EnglishandsomeGerman]

title:	Henry's East Ealing Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fg3giq%2Far88_receiver.htm
desc:	G3GIQpresentstechnicaldetailsonvariousCollinsandRCAradios.

title:	Makers of Boat Anchors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ominous-valve.com%2Fba-mfrs.html
desc:	Listanddescription,includes:BandW,CentralElectronics,Collins,E.F.Johnson,Gonset,Hallicrafters,Hammarlund,Heath,National,Drake.

title:	N4XY's Grid Dip Meters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fn4xy%2Fgdos.html
desc:	Photos,description,andhistoryofmanygriddipmeters.

title:	NoobowSystems Lab - Restoration Projects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.noobowsystems.org%2Frestorations%2Findex.html
desc:	Projectsonshortwaveandamateurradioreceivers,withpictures.[JapaneseandEnglish]

title:	Nostalgia Air 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nostalgiaair.org%2F
desc:	Antiqueradio,TVandaudioresourcessite.Offersatechnicaldiscussionforum,schematicsandmanuals,tubecrossreferenceandRMAcolorcodereferences.

title:	Nostalgic Kits Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nostalgickitscentral.com%2F
desc:	KB7RGG'scomprehensivesitewithinformationabouttheeraofelectronickits.

title:	rec.radio.amateur.boatanchors FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virhistory.com%2Fham%2Frrab.faq.htm
desc:	Answersquestionsaboutvintagetube-typehamradioandcommunicationsequipment.

title:	W1GFH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fwb1gfh%2F
desc:	JoeTyburczyhasincludedschematics,picturesandstoriesabouttheAmecoAC-1transmitterII,boatanchorsingeneralandhisotherinterests.

title:	JO1PCT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asahi-net.or.jp%2F%7Eiu1h-amn%2F
desc:	Japaneseamateurshareshisequipmentlistandstationinformation,andphotos.[EnglishandJapanese]

title:	JP1LRT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asahi-net.or.jp%2F%7Evj5y-tkur%2Fcq-e.html
desc:	Japaneseoperatorpresentsstationinformation,photosandlinks.Includesapageonlowpassfiltersandcommonmodefilters.[EnglishandJapanese]

title:	LA6YEA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FPersonal_Pages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fla6yea%2F
desc:	NorwayamateurOystein"Paul"EikedalenpresentsstationandQSLinformation,photosandlinks.

title:	W2NBC Boatanchor Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dealamerica.com%2F
desc:	Includesclassifieds,auction,HallicraftersHT-37audiomods,GlobeKing500BandGlobeChampion300-Aphotosanddetails,and75meterAMaudiofiles.

title:	WB4IUY 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FBoatanchors&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipass.net%2Fwb4iuy%2Fradio%2Findex.htm
desc:	Davegiveshishistoryinamateurradio,QSLcards,andprojects.IncludesmanualsandschematicsforGonsetandHeathkit.

title:	International Amateur Radio Union (IARU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iaru.org%2F
desc:	Anorganizationconsistingofnationalamateurradiosocietiesaroundtheworld,thewatchdogandspokesmanfortheamateurradiocommunity.

title:	QSL.NET 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FOrganizations&url=https%3A%2F%2Fadmin.qsl.net%2F
desc:	ConnectingHAMradiooperatorsaroundtheworld.

title:	Quarter Century Wireless Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fqcwa.ca%2F
desc:	Topromotefriendshipandcooperationamongamateurradiooperatorswhowerelicensedatleastaquartercenturyago.

title:	Australian QRP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.alphalink.com.au%2F%7Eparkerp%2Fqrp.htm
desc:	QRPfromthelanddownunder.

title:	eHAM QRP Radio Reviews 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eham.net%2Freviews%2Fproducts%2F22
desc:	UserwrittenproductreviewsforQRPrigs.

title:	Ham Radio Circuits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flashwebhost.com%2Fcircuit%2F
desc:	CircuitdiagramsofHamRadioequipment,including7MHzSSBTransceiver,AM,FM,DSBtransmitters,FSM,Dummyload,Antenna,andfilters.

title:	Pixie- HF Transceiver Kits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fvu2awc%2Fham_radio_india_p%2FPixie%2Fpixie_transceiver.htm
desc:	HighfrequencyradiotransceiverprojectforQRPenthusiasts.Featuresplansandworkshop.

title:	QRP Amateur Radio Web Ring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baltimoremd.com%2Fqrpwebring%2F
desc:	LinkstoQRPwebsites.

title:	QRP Citations and Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fve6bpr%2F
desc:	IntroductionalcitationsandinformationaboutQRPandPSK31.

title:	QRP SSB/CW Transceiver/QRP Radio Kits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qrptransceiver.com%2F
desc:	CoversthemostcommonQRPtransceiverkits.Includesimages,relevantinformation,linksandreviews.

title:	QRPer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qrper.com%2F
desc:	Featuresarticlesonlowpoweroperation,equipmentandQRPnewsfromaroundtheWorld.

title:	W1HUE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FQRP&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w1hue.us%2F
desc:	LarryEastprovidesarticlesonamateurradioequipmentmodificationforQRPuse.Tucson,Arizona.

title:	eSSB - Extended SSB HiFi Audio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icycolors.com%2Fnu9n%2F
desc:	NU9N,JohnAnningprovidesinformationforSSBandESSBaudiotransmission,receivingandrecording/playback.

title:	HAM International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fham-international.nuxit.net%2FAccueil.htm
desc:	ProvidesphotosanddescriptionsofamateurequipmentmanufacturedbyaBelgianmanufacturernolongerinbusiness.

title:	Icom 245 LSB/USB Modification 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fk0kn%2Fic-245.html
desc:	AmodificationfortheIcomIC-245.ShowshowtomodifytheradioforbothLSBandUSB.

title:	K0KN Amateur Radio Projects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fk0kn%2Fprojects.html
desc:	ArticlesfeaturedincludeamodificationforKenwoodTK860,TK760,TK862,TK762radiosandamodificationforRadioShackHTX-10radios,allforremotebaseuse.

title:	K5DKZ - Antennas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fk5dkz.com%2Fblog%2Farchives%2F82
desc:	Informationonantennas,includingbasics,trapdipoleandamloop.

title:	mods.dk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mods.dk%2F
desc:	Over1700modifications.

title:	N4ATS.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.n4ats.com%2F
desc:	Tipsonrebuilding,repairing,andapplyingmodificationstotheYaesuFL-7000amplifier.Acceptsalltypesof
amateurradiosandamplifiersneedingrepair.

title:	NK7Z.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nk7z.net%2F
desc:	Coversreviewsofhardwareandsoftwarerelatedtothehobby.

title:	RadioManual.eu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radiomanual.info%2F
desc:	ManualsincludeforIcom,YaesuandKenwood,inseverallanguages.(.PDF)

title:	RigReference.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Frigreference.com%2F
desc:	Referenceguideforamateurradioequipmentincludesnews,reviewsandmanuals.

title:	S-Meter Ham Radio Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEquipment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smeter.net%2F
desc:	Offerslinkstocommunicationsreceiversthatyoucanbecontrolledremotely.ReceiveS-Meterreadingsandaudioviaawebbrowser.

title:	Dayton Hamvention 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamvention.org%2F
desc:	Informationonlodging,directions,schedules,FAQ,andeventhistory.

title:	Amateur Radio Military Appreciation Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.armad.net%2F
desc:	Chatwithmilitaryoperatorsandsoldiersworldwide'overtheairwaves.'Completeinformation,photosandlinks.

title:	ARRL: Field Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arrl.org%2Ffield-day
desc:	AnnualeventintheUSandCanada,heldonthefourthfullweekendinJune.Includesrules,frequencies,andgoals.

title:	Atlanta Hamfestival 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atlantahamfest.org%2F
desc:	Officialwebsite.Includeseventsanddirections.

title:	Electronics Flea Market 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.electronicsfleamarket.com%2F
desc:	ElectronicsfleamarketheldDeAnzaCollegeinCupertino,CaliforniaonthesecondSaturdayofthemonthfromMarchtoOctober.Includesfeesanddirections.

title:	Florida QSO Party 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.floridaqsoparty.org%2F
desc:	EventisheldinApril.Featureslogs,contestandregistrationinformation,QSL,downloadsandlinks.

title:	Greater Louisville Hamfest Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Flouisvillehamfest.com%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsitefeaturesannualSeptembereventinKentucky.ContainsGLHAofficerandmemberlist,photographs,directionsandmaps.

title:	Hamfest and Conventions Calendar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arrl.org%2Fhamfests-and-conventions-calendar
desc:	SearchlistingsofhamconventionsandhamfestsintheUnitedStates.

title:	Palm Springs Hamfest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpalmspringshamfest.com%2F
desc:	AnnualeventinMarch.Includesgeneralinformation,FAQsandphotoalbum.

title:	Upcoming  Events Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FEvents&url=http%3A%2F%2Frac.eton.ca%2Fevents%2Fupcoming.php
desc:	DatabaseforCanadianfleamarkets,hamfests,coursesandothereventsfromRAC(RadioAmateursofCanada).

title:	10 Meter Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fwj5o%2F
desc:	Allabout10meterpropagationandbeacons.

title:	10-10 International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ten-ten.org%2F
desc:	10-meterworldwideamateurgroupoffersclubandmembershipinformation,news,forums,activities,awardsandlinks.

title:	9H3MR and 9H3LEO Malta DXpedition 2005 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ik1pmr.com%2Fdx-peditions%2F9h3mr%2F
desc:	Photogallery,QSOstatistics,logsearchandQSLcardsofthe9H3MRand9H3LEODXpeditiontoGozoIsland.

title:	9M2/G4ZFE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g4zfe.com%2F
desc:	StoriesaboutcontestingandIOTAtripsfromMalaysia.Downloadsincludeanapplettocreateanon-linelogbook.Includesaudioclipsfromcontests.

title:	AA1V Amateur Radio DX and Contesting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goldtel.net%2Faa1v%2Findex.html
desc:	ResourcepagesforhamradioDXandcontestnewsandinformation.Includesbandplans,propagationandsoftwarelinks.

title:	AK1P 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fak1p%2F
desc:	PaulMacieldescribesa10GHzandUpARRLcontestheldin2002.Includesphotos.SanJose,California.

title:	Alexander The Great Award 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fsv2ael%2Faward.htm
desc:	AvailabletohamsandSWL'sforconfirmingcontacts/reportswiththreeSV2oronespecialcall-prefixes(SX2,SW2,SZ2,SY2,J4)stations.Containsinformationonhowtoorder.

title:	Amateur Radio DXpeditions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxpeditions.org%2F
desc:	Descriptionofexpeditionstoremoteareaswithphotosandlogs.

title:	Amateur Radio Lighthouse Society (ARLHS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Farlhs.com%2F
desc:	Containslistingsofeveryknownlightbeaconintheworldcapableofsupportingahamradiostation.

title:	ARRL DX QSL Bureau System 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arrl.org%2Fincoming-qsl-service
desc:	Providesanintroduction,howthesystemworksandhowtoclaimQSLcards.

title:	Contesting.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.contesting.com%2F
desc:	Devotedtoamateurradiocompetitions(contests).

title:	CQ WPX Contest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cqwpx.com%2F
desc:	TheCQWPXcontestisaworldwideradiocompetitionbasedonanawardofferedbyCQMagazineforworkingallprefixes.HeldonthelastweekendofMarch(SSB)andMay(CW).

title:	CQP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcqp.org%2F
desc:	TheCaliforniaQSOParty(CQP)isthepremierstateQSOpartyheldeveryyearonthefirstweekendofOctober.TheNorthernCaliforniaContestClub(NCCC)hassponsoredCQPformanyyears.IncludesFAQ,historyandall-timerecords.

title:	CX2SA Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cx2sa.net%2F
desc:	DXingviaradioinradiotelephony(AM,SSB,FM),Morsecode(CW)andotherdigitalsystems(PSK31,PACKET,APRS,RTTY,SSTV,MT63),aswellasexperimentationinelectronicsystemsmainlyintheareaoftransmissionandreceptionofradiowaves.SaltoCity,Uruguay.

title:	Deon Erwin ZS1ZL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fqsl.org.za%2F7p8dx%2F
desc:	Completedetailson7P8DX,activatedinLesotho.

title:	DL2GG/YV5 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hfdx.org%2F
desc:	CompilationofseveralDXpeditionstoVenezuelanIslandsintheCaribbeanSea.Featuresalargecollectionofphotos.[GermanandEnglish]

title:	DL6KAC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fham-blog.de%2F
desc:	InformationaboutDXpeditionsandcontesttrips.Alsoincludeslogsearchesandpictures.

title:	DX Summit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxsummit.fi%2F
desc:	DXspotsandpropagationinformationfromRADIOArcala,CR2X,OH8XANDOH0X.

title:	DX World.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdx-world.net%2F
desc:	ProvidesDXnews,guestposts,imagesandmovies.

title:	DX.QSL.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdx.qsl.net%2F
desc:	Providespropagationreports,DXlogsusingsearchengineandIRC#CQDXHamRadioChat.

title:	DXCluster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxcluster.org%2F
desc:	SiteforDXclusteroperators,developmentofDXclusterprotocolsandclustersoftware.FeaturesDXSpidersystemdownload.

title:	DXspots.com AE5E AR-Cluster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxspots.com%2F
desc:	DistributesDXspotsandWWVsolaractivityannouncementsviathewebandviatelnet.

title:	DXWatch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxwatch.com%2F
desc:	AmateurradiowebclusterwithspotsfilterandalertserviceandsometoolsincludingpropagationbulletinsandDXcalendar.

title:	DXWorld.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdxworld.com%2F
desc:	Real-timespottingofcontactsonvariousfrequenciesincludingTV,FMandSW.

title:	EI6DX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ei6dx.com%2F
desc:	Contesting,IOTAandDXexpeditionsofEI6DX,islandactivationannouncementsandpersonalblog.MainmodeofoperationisCW.Ireland.

title:	The EIDX Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.papays.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesOhio/PennDXbulletins,DXpeditionphotosandaudioclips.

title:	Electronic QSL Card Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eqsl.cc%2F
desc:	DesignafreeorpayeQSLcardonline,andsendandreceiveeQSLcards.

title:	European World Wide Award 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftp2ce.eu%2F
desc:	AwardprogramandcompetitionoftheradiocluboftheCouncilofEuropeinStrasbourg,France.Includesadmissioninformation,memberlistandlinks.[MultipleLanguages]

title:	G0ISW HF/VHF DX Ultimate Resource Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fg0isw%2F
desc:	Propagationindicators,software,plussatellite,meteorscatter,auroratechnicalresources.

title:	G3SWH QSL Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g3swh.org.uk%2Fxu7act.html
desc:	IncludesinformationontheCambodianDXcontestinAugust2003and2012DXpeditiontoSwaziland.

title:	G6YB Bristol RSGB Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.g6yb.org%2Fcms%2F
desc:	AmateurradiocontestinggroupintheSouthwestofEngland.

title:	Greek Lighthouse Award 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fsv2ael%2Fglha%2Frules.htm
desc:	ProvidesinformationforGreekLighthousesaward,foramateurradiooperatorsandDXawardsorcertificatehuntingHAMandSWL.

title:	HB9DUR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hb9dur.ch%2F
desc:	DXactivitiesandcontestinformationfromTurkeyandSwitzerland.

title:	HF Propagation Primer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ae4rv.com%2Ftn%2Fpropflash.htm
desc:	AFlashmoviedescribingthebasicsofHFpropagationacrosstheglobe.Withtextandanimation.

title:	IK3QAR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ik3qar.it%2F
desc:	IncludesQSLmanagerandinformation,IOTA,logsearch,andtipsandschemesforRTTY.

title:	Internet Ham Atlas by SP6NVK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamatlas.eu%2F
desc:	ProvidesdownloadablemapsandbackgroundinformationfornearlyeveryDXCCentity.[EnglishandPolish]

title:	K0MOS: Summits on the Air (SOTA): Trip-reports 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fschnizer.com%2FSOTAblog%2F
desc:	SummitsontheAit(SOTA)isanamateurradioprogramformountaineers.K0MOSblogsabouthisSOTAactivationsintheUSandaroundtheworld.Colorado.

title:	K1BV DX Awards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dxawards.com%2F
desc:	Listsawardsbycountryandprovidestipsandastandardapplication.

title:	K2DSL - On the air 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k2dsl.com%2F
desc:	DavidinWaldwick,NewJerseygivesapersonalcommentaryonhamradioandcontesting,andlinks.

title:	K5D 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkp5.us%2F
desc:	2009DXpeditiontoDesecheoIsland(IOTANA-095)-includesonlinelog,dailyupdatesandpictures.

title:	K5ZD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k5zd.com%2F
desc:	RandyinMassachusettshasaudioofcontests,biographyandphotosofhishamshack.

title:	KA9FOX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qth.com%2Fka9fox%2F
desc:	Includesoperatingtips,contestscoresandrules,QSLinfo,callsignlook-ups,andDXpacketclustersforcontestersandDX'ers.

title:	LoTW 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2FARRL-LOTW%2F
desc:	Yahoo-baseddiscussiongroupprovidesaforumforLoTW(LogbookofTheWorld)userstogettechnicalhelp.

title:	N6RT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fn6rt%2F
desc:	IncludesstationandDXpeditioninformation,andcontestscores.

title:	NG3K Amateur Radio Contest/DX Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ng3k.com%2F
desc:	ResourcesforcontestingandDX.

title:	Northern Greece Contest Team 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2Fsv2ngct%2Findex.html
desc:	DXawardsprogramandcontestinginformation,DXCC,andregionallinks.

title:	NW7US Amateur and Shortwave Radio Command Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FAmateur%2FDXing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hfradio.org%2F
desc:	Containsamateurandshortwavelistenerforums,propagationinformation,CWlinksandgalleryofQSLcards.

title:	Grand Canyon Boaters' Mailing List 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FPaddling%2FWhitewater_Rafting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.songbird.com%2Fgcboaters%2F
desc:	ProvidinginformationforpeopleinterestedinrivertripsintheGrandCanyon,andaforumfordiscussionofissuesconcerningtheCanyon.

title:	Grand Canyon River Guides 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FPaddling%2FWhitewater_Rafting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gcrg.org%2F
desc:	Non-profiteducationalandenvironmentalorganizationforriverguides(notcommercialoutfitters),guidetraining,andpoliticalactiontoprotecttheriver.

title:	International Rafting Federation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FPaddling%2FWhitewater_Rafting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intraftfed.com%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheInternationalRaftingFederation,representingcompetitionraftracing,riverguidetraining,tourismandnationalorganisations

title:	Merced River 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FPaddling%2FWhitewater_Rafting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.merced-river.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationforraftingonCalifornia'sMercedRiver,nearYosemiteNationalPark.Includesmile-by-milemap,camping,riveraccess,andriverflows.

title:	Rafting the West 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FPaddling%2FWhitewater_Rafting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.raftingthewest.com%2F
desc:	Presentsonlinemapsandphotosofthetopriversformulti-daywhitewaterraftingtripsinthewesternUSAandprovidesviewingin3DviaGoogleEarth.Alsoincludeshow-toinformationraftingtrips

title:	Westwater Canyon Whitewater Rafting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FPaddling%2FWhitewater_Rafting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westwatercanyon.com%2F
desc:	LinkstoangenciesandoutfittersassociatedwithWestwaterCanyoninEasternUtah.

title:	Whitewater Rafting Campsites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FBoating%2FPaddling%2FWhitewater_Rafting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whitewatercampsites.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforplanningmulti-dayraftingtripsincludingadailymileagescalculator,acatalogofcampsiteswithcommentsbyusers,equipmentchecklists,andeducationalinformationabouttakingraftingtrips.

title:	Aareff Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aareff.com%2F
desc:	Radioequipmentmanufacturer.Kits,poweramplifiers,transmitters,antennas,andpowersupplies.

title:	Advanced Communication Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.advcommsys.com%2F
desc:	Distributescommercial,amateur,governmentandmilitarycommunicationsequipment.

title:	Advanced Specialties Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.advancedspecialties.net%2F
desc:	Directions,operatinghoursandproductinformationincludingonlineshoppingforHam,Scanners,FRS,CBequipmentandaccessories.

title:	Advancedmart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstore.advancedmart.com%2F
desc:	Offersshortwaveradios,antennas,batteries,chargers,waterfilters,emergencyproducts,andconsumerelectronics.

title:	Advantage Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scoden.com%2F
desc:	Two-wayradios,scanners,antennas,andaccessoriesbyRitron,Jobcom.

title:	Altech Radio and Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.altechradio.com%2F
desc:	Providingtoolsforsafety,AltechElectronicshasservedtheNYMetropolitanforover36yearswithMotorolacommunicationproducts.

title:	Ambient Weather 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ambientweather.com%2F
desc:	Providessales,service,andsupportofweatherstations,weatherequipment,weatherradios,weatherinstrumentsandsoftware.

title:	Baofeng Tech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbaofengtech.com%2F
desc:	FindhelpforyourBaofengquestions,andexamineproductdetails,andpurchaseBaofengradioequipment,getserviceandwarranteeinfo.

title:	Bill's 2 Way 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bills2way.com%2F
desc:	Amateur,CB,marine,FRS,GMRS,andcommercialtwo-wayradios,accessories,kits,parts,scanners,weatheralertreceivers,radardetectors,SWRmeters,books,andusedequipment.

title:	Blinkwave 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blinkwave.com%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyoftwo-wayradios,accessories,andbatteries.

title:	Buy Two Way Radios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buytwowayradios.com%2F
desc:	Offersawiderangeoftwowayradiosandtwowayradioaccessories.Featuresallmajorbrands,includingCobra,Kenwood,Midland,andMotorola.

title:	C. Crane Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccrane.com%2F
desc:	SpecializesinmultibandandWiFiradios,AM/FMandWiFiantennas,LEDflashlightsandlightbulbs.

title:	Carling Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fs88932719.onlinehome.us%2Ftrade.htm
desc:	Sellingradiotransmitters,receivers,parts,andaccessories.IncludessoftwaredirectoryandMorsecodeinformation.

title:	CB Shop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbshop.com%2F
desc:	CBradios,scanners,radardetectors,GSMphones,carnavigationsystems,antennas,andaccessories.

title:	CB Shop Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbshoponline.com%2F
desc:	StoreforradiocommunicationproductssuchasCB27MHzradio,PMRradio,scanningreceivers,intercomsystemsandhamradio.

title:	CB World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wearecb.com%2F
desc:	CB,FRS/GMRS/VHF,amateur,andmarineradios,scanners,radardetectors,andaccessories.Orderbyphone,fax,ormail.

title:	Champlin Wireless Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.champlinwireless.com%2F
desc:	Motorolatwo-wayradiorentalandsales,Motorolapagers.

title:	Chezradio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chezradio.com%2F
desc:	Offertrocasterlowpowerpart15AMtransmitter.

title:	Copper Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.copper.com%2Fcart%2F
desc:	CBandhamradios,antennas,andaccessories.

title:	Dave Meitzen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aa9tt.com%2Fforsale.html
desc:	Offeringvintageradios,amplifiersandparts.

title:	DockSide Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.docksideradio.com%2F
desc:	Sellsmarineradio,provideslistingofmarineradiofrequenciesandinformationaboutmarineradiossuchasSCSPactor-IIIradiomodems,Sailmail,Winlink,andFCClicensefiling.

title:	DTech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.13cm.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offers2.4GhzReceiversandTransmittersand13cmATVequipmentforgeneralpurposeandamateurradiousewithinformationonspecialoffers,tradesanddealpackages.

title:	Durham Radio Sales and Service Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FConsumer_Electronics%2FCommunications%2FWireless%2FRadios&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.durhamradio.com%2F
desc:	Salesandserviceofamateurgear,CB(GRS)radios,scanners(includingunblockedcellularcapablescanners),shortwave,wind-up,andmarineradios,flashlights,andelectroniccomponents.

title:	CB-Kurier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHobbys%2FFunk%2FZeitschriften_und_Online-Magazine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cb-kurier.de%2Findex.html
desc:	CB-Funk,LPD,PMR.

title:	CQ DL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHobbys%2FFunk%2FZeitschriften_und_Online-Magazine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cqdl.de%2F
desc:	VomDeutschenAmateur-Radio-Club.

title:	FM - Das Funkmagazin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHobbys%2FFunk%2FZeitschriften_und_Online-Magazine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funkmagazin.de%2F
desc:	DasMagazinmitdemSchwerpunktCB-FunkbringtaktuelleMeldungen,esbehandeltauchdieThemenAmateurfunk,LPD/SRD-,PMR-undFreeNet-FunksowieScanner.

title:	Funkamateur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHobbys%2FFunk%2FZeitschriften_und_Online-Magazine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funkamateur.de%2F
desc:	Amateurfunk,ElektronikundComputer.MitOnlineshopundSoftware.

title:	Duim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FVerzamelen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.belgacom.net%2Fduim%2F
desc:	Degeschiedenisvanherduim-project,tekeningenenfoto's.

title:	Fanwink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FVerzamelen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fanwink.com%2F
desc:	Ontmoetingsplaatsvoorverzamelaarsvanknipselsenpostersvanpop-enfilmsterren.

title:	FindOldTractors.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRecreatie%2FVerzamelen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.findoldtractors.com%2F
desc:	Vraagbaakenontmoetingsplaatsvooriedereendieoudetractorenofanderemachinesverzamelten/ofrestaureert.

title:	Alan Electronics GmbH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FOnline-Shops%2FElektronik%2FTelekommunikation%2FFunktechnik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alan-germany.com%2F
desc:	StelltherundvertreibtdeutschlandweitCB-Funk-,Amateurfunk-undkommerzielleFunktechnikundAntennen.

title:	DARC Verlag GmbH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHobbys%2FFunk%2FLiteratur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.darcverlag.de%2F
desc:	VertreibtmitWarenkorbsystemLiteratur,Software,Kurse,MesstechnikunddrucktQSL-Karten.ProduziertdasAmateurfunkmagazinCQDL.[funktioniertmiteinigenBrowsernnicht,fehlerhaftesHTML,fremdesSSL-Zertifikat][D-34225Baunatal]

title:	Fachbuchhandlung Hein & Sohn OHG, Funk-Verlag Bernhard Hein e.K. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHobbys%2FFunk%2FLiteratur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buch-hein.de%2F
desc:	DerradioBookshopversendetperWarenkorbsystemweltweitausseinemFunksortiment,derVerlagbringtTitelzurRundfunktechnik,besondersausderDDR-Zeit,heraus.[keinSSL][D-06847Dessau]

title:	49MHz Experimental Radio Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FGMRS_and_FRS&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qsl.net%2F49mhz%2F
desc:	Agroupdedicatedtopromotingthehobbyof49MHzPart15experimentalhobbyuse.

title:	About FRS Radios 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FGMRS_and_FRS&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffrsradio.iwarp.com%2Fabout.html
desc:	Informationforbeginnersandpotentialbuyers.

title:	GMRS Webring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FGMRS_and_FRS&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fhub%3Fring%3Dgmrswebring
desc:	JointhisringforGMRSusers.

title:	myGMRS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FGMRS_and_FRS&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mygmrs.com%2F
desc:	ResourcelistingofGMRSrepeatersintheUnitedStates.

title:	NetMarket.com Buyer's Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FGMRS_and_FRS&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.netmarket.com%2FSHP%2Fscripts%2FBuyersGuide.asp%3FSID%3D1D9E4C7B7AB711D3bbe85446b1cccbeb%26ptype_code%3DWALK%26ptype_desc%3DTwo-Way%2BRadios
desc:	AguidetohelpyoushopforGMRSandFRSradios.

title:	PMR 446 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FGMRS_and_FRS&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pmr446mania.com%2F
desc:	InformationonPMR4462-wayradiosforbeginners,plusPMRSlinks.[Portuguese-English]

title:	Allgemeinzuteilungen in Deutschland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FHobbys%2FFunk%2FNachschlagen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bundesnetzagentur.de%2FDE%2FSachgebiete%2FTelekommunikation%2FUnternehmen_Institutionen%2FFrequenzen%2FAllgemeinzuteilungen%2Fallgemeinzuteilungen-node.html
desc:	DieBestimmungenderBundesnetzagenturmitdenkostenfreijedermannzugeteiltenFrequenzengibtesjeweilsalsPDF.Enthaltensindu.a.CB-Funk(27MHz),FreeNet(149MHz),ISM/LPD(433MHz),PMR(446MHz)undWLAN(2,4GHz,5GHz).

title:	Barkett CB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goldeneagleradios.com%2F
desc:	RepairpartsandmanualsforGoldenEagle,Tram,Cobra,DAKradiosandotherclassicradios.

title:	Bozo's CB Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bozo.us%2F
desc:	Idaho-basedoperatorpresentsaDXdirectory,messageboard,store,andotherlinks.

title:	CB Gazette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbgazette.com%2Fgaz2.html
desc:	VirtualCBReference.Photos,CBand11-Meterinformation,history,technicaldata,messageboardsandgames.[JavaScript].

title:	CB Junkies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbjunkies.com%2F
desc:	Discussionforums,chatanddownloads.

title:	CB Radio Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbradioclub.com%2F
desc:	Featuresaforum,slideshows,reviews,classifieds,andlinks.

title:	CB Radio Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbradioforum.com%2F
desc:	Onlinediscussiongroup.Includesmessageboards.

title:	CB Radio Secrets and Tune-Up Manual 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hardtimez99.com%2FCB%2520RADIO%2520SECRET%2Fdisclaimer.html
desc:	Freeresourcefortune-upandmicrophonewiringinformationformostCBandmanyHamRadios.

title:	CB Tricks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbtricks.com%2F
desc:	Completeguidefordo-it-yourselfCBradiomodifications.

title:	Channel 31 Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fsc2%2F31%2F
desc:	GeorgiaandCarolina-basedclub.Lotsofphotosandrosterinformation.

title:	DM CB Mods and Repairs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fdodgem250%2Findex.html
desc:	Fullservicerepairs,modifications,upgrades,parts,andCustomBuiltradiostoyourspecifications.

title:	Earplugger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fnj%2Fearplugger%2F
desc:	SuperbowlChannel-6operatorwithhishigh-powerrig.

title:	FCC -  CB Radio FAQ and Official Rules 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fcc.gov%2Fencyclopedia%2Fcitizens-band-cb-service
desc:	CurrentandupdatedrulesandregulationsforCBradiooperatorsdirectfromtheFederalCommunicationsCommission.

title:	Grumpy's Radio Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgrumpy.proboards.com%2F
desc:	FeaturingBrowningandTramenthusiasts,pluschatandphotos.

title:	Livecbradio.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.livecbradio.com%2F
desc:	ListentoLiveStreamingCBRadio,HamRadio,AircraftATCandPoliceScanner.TalkontheWorld'sOnlyWebControlledCBRadioStation.

title:	Maui CB Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmauicbradioclub.tripod.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	WithclubcontactandbasicCBradioinformationforbeginners.

title:	Peg Leg Radio Repair and Mods 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Ffl2%2Fcbradiorepair%2Findex.html
desc:	Modificationtips,tricks,andrepairswithillustrationsanddetailedgraphics.

title:	PowerHouse Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpowerhousecom.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Stationinformation,reference,CB,scanner,technicalinformation,alibraryoflinks,modifications,andmessageboards.

title:	REACT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reactintl.org%2F
desc:	WorldheadquartersofREACTInternational.

title:	Snake Doctor's Mods 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fks%2Fcbmods%2F
desc:	Radioinformation,links,repairandmodificationtips.

title:	Uncle Jim's 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fok%2Ffunwithunclejim%2F
desc:	Consumerinformation,linkstomanufacturersandworldwideoperators,andpersonalcommentary.

title:	WINTransceiver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmalzev.tripod.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	FeaturesWINScannersoftware,intendedforham,CBradioandscanners,schematicsandmodificationsofCBandamateurradios,includingthePresidentseries.

title:	World Wide Radio Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FCitizen_Band&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldwidedx.com%2F
desc:	Contactandchatwithradioenthusiastsaroundtheworld.[membership]

title:	RadioReference.com - US Scanner Frequency Database 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radioreference.com%2F
desc:	Easy,fastsearchingforcurrentandupdatedscannerandotherradiofrequenciesbystate,countyormunicipality.Completetrunkingandtalkgroupfrequencies,transmittermaps,downloadsandaforum.

title:	Flight-Radio Aircraft Frequencies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flightradio.com%2F
desc:	Listingofaviationfrequencies,pluslinkstoliveair-trafficcontrolfeeds.

title:	InterceptRadio.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interceptradio.com%2F
desc:	Worldwideradioscannerfrequencydatabaseandforums.

title:	Live Marine Radio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fiscanmarine%2F
desc:	DiscussionofmonitoringofCoastGuardandNavysignals.Liveaudiosignalsaresuppliedwhenavailable.

title:	Live Scanner Listeners Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Flivescanneraudio%2F
desc:	Yahoo-basedclubforlivescannerenthusiasts.

title:	Police Scanner Feeds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolicescannerfeeds.net%2F
desc:	LivePolice,Fire&EMSscanneraudioandfrequenciesforIndiana,IIinois,andMissouri

title:	Radio Scanner Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fradio-scanner-guide.com%2F
desc:	Withhelpfornewscanningenthusiasts,includingequipmentreviewsandrecommendations,informationforbeginners,frequencyguides,scanningtipsandlinks.

title:	Raleigh Scanner Audio/Video feed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.roadrunner.com%2F%257Eexithere%2Fncscanner.htm
desc:	FrequenciesandliveA/VfeedsforthesurroundingareasofCary,Durham,Raleigh,andApex,NorthCarolina.

title:	Scanner Food 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scannerfood.com%2F
desc:	ScannerFrequencies,Codes,andLiveFeedsforthemid-AtlanticregionoftheU.S

title:	Suffolk County New York Police Scanner Feed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scpdny.com%2F
desc:	LivePoliceScannerFeedFromSuffolkCounty,NewYork

title:	Wake County North Carolina Live Police, Fire/EMS Scanner 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FRadio%2FScanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wakecountylivescanner.com%2F
desc:	StreamingLivePolice,Fire&EMSaudioforWakeCounty-Raleigharea.Includeslocalfrequencies,talkgroups,andchat.

title:	Agenzia del Collezionista 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adc.it%2F
desc:	Dedicatoalcollezionismodiognigenere.

title:	Associazione orologi meccanici 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orologimeccanici.com%2F
desc:	Clubvirtualepergliappassionatidiorologeriameccanica.Sezioniperivaritipidiorologiecronografi,lastoria,legrandicase,vademecumtecnicoedareasoci.Servizidimercatino,newsletter,pareridall'espertoelink.(Areariservata).

title:	Calcolatrici Meccaniche 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdigilander.libero.it%2Fgiuseppecaltagirone%2F
desc:	Collezionedicalcolatricimeccanicheadazionamentomanuale,divariemarche,confoto.Linkadaltrisitisulmedesimoargomento.

title:	Cineprese da collezione 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.movie-camera.it%2F
desc:	Storia,immagini,informazionienotiziesulmondodellecineprese,dagliesordiaglianni'70.

title:	Collezionismofumetti.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collezionismofumetti.com%2F
desc:	Sioccupadifumettidipregioartistico,estetico,storico.Presentacollaneealbi.

title:	Dino and Edo Collezioni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fxoomer.virgilio.it%2Firaren%2F
desc:	Gliautoripresentanolelororaccolte,invendita,dibustinedizucchero,tappiedetichette,francobollieschedetelefoniche.Contattiperemailetelefono.

title:	Enciclopedia del calcio Panini 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calciopanini.it%2F
desc:	Leraccoltedeglialbumdellemitichefigurine.

title:	Ferralis, Pasqualino 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fferapask.altervista.org%2F
desc:	Paginepersonaliconinformazionipersonaliefamiliari,collezionedivecchiefotocamere,galleriadifotoecollezionedibonsai.

title:	FilmRari.it 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.filmrari.it%2F
desc:	Diinteresseperchivuoleentrarenelmondodelrecuperodioperecinematografiche,ochevogliaacquistarefilmraricondoppiaggioriginaliomaiuscitisusupportodigitale.

title:	Giocattoli vecchi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FCollezionismo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.giocattolivecchi.com%2F
desc:	Mostravirtualedivecchigiocattoli:robot,veicoli,bambole,miniature,giochielettronici,Lego.Comprendeunmercatinoonline,collezioniprivate,forumelink.

title:	Antique Boxes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.users.globalnet.co.uk%2F%7Eboxes%2F
desc:	Informationsourceonantiqueandcollectibleboxes.Sitesellsboxesbutdoesnotofferpricesonline.HoststheInternetAntiqueBoxBook.

title:	Collectibles at About.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcollectibles.about.com%2F
desc:	Featuresinformationonstartingcollectionsandincludeslinkstorelatedsites.

title:	CollectionDX 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collectiondx.com%2F
desc:	Viewotherpeoplescollections,oraddyourown.Linkyourpersonalcollectionpage.Alsofeaturesexclusivearticlespertainingtocollecting.

title:	The Collective Detective 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdetective.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Interactiveservicefordealersandprivatecollectors.Locatecollectibleitemsinstantly,showcaseyourinventorytotheworld.Comics,cards,memorabilia,sports,generalcollectibles;newcategoriesaddedcontinually.

title:	Collector's Planet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magma.ca%2F%7Evicpro%2Fplanet.html
desc:	News,features,linksandfreewantadsforallcollectibles,fromHotWheelstocomicstoStarWars...fromaCanadianperspective.

title:	Collectors Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collectors-society.com%2F
desc:	Anonlinecollectorssiteforcoins,comicsandsportscardsthatincludesmessageboards,registriesandfurtherinformationonapaidsubscriptionbasis.

title:	Collectors Universe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collectorsuniverse.com%2F
desc:	Startingpointforallcollectibles.Priceguide,auctions,experts,informationandfun.

title:	Collectorsencyclopedia.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collectorsencyclopedia.com%2F
desc:	Asearchabledatabaseofindividuals'collectionsofvariousitems.Images,descriptionsandvariousinformationaboutthecollectibleisoffered.

title:	Colnect 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcolnect.com%2F
desc:	Allowscollectorstomanagetheirpersonalphonecard,stampandcoincollectionsfromacentralizeddatabase.[multi-lingualsite]

title:	I collectit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icollectit.co.uk%2F
desc:	Onlinecollectingresource.

title:	The inComplete Jukebox 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftomszone.com%2F
desc:	Historyandinformationonover1000differentantiquejukeboxmodels,60+manufacturers,FAQs,listingof1200+jukeboxhits,andjukeboxlinks.

title:	Magazine Collector Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmagazines.proboards.com%2F
desc:	Amessageboardforcollectorslookingtobuy,sell,ortrademagazinebackissues.

title:	Nonscents 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.perfume-etc.com%2F
desc:	Websitefortheperfumeandvanitycollector.Individual/collectoroffersvintageperfumebottles,miniatures,compacts,andothervanityitems.

title:	Sands Mechanical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandsmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Virtualmuseumofantiquecoinoperatedgames,pinballmachines,sportscars,andclocks.Offersrestorationservices.LocatedinSunnyvale,California,USA.

title:	Southeastern Antiquing and Collecting Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FCollecting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.go-star.com%2Fantiquing%2F
desc:	Amonthlypublicationonantiquesandcollectibles,focusingontheAmericanSoutheast.Articles,classifieds,informationondealers,showsandevents.

title:	WOOSUNG I.B. CO.,LTD. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FKorean%2F%EC%97%AC%EA%B0%80%2C%EC%B7%A8%EB%AF%B8%2F%EC%95%BC%EC%99%B8%ED%99%9C%EB%8F%99%2C%EB%A0%88%EC%A0%80&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zebecboat.com%2F
desc:	Rafting,boats,motorboats,kayakandcanoes.Manufacturingandsailing.

title:	8a.nu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.8a.nu%2F
desc:	News.Competitionresults.Worldrankingsfortopclimberspluskeepyourownscore.Articles.Traininginformation.Interviews.

title:	About Climbing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclimbing.about.com%2F
desc:	Articles.Links.

title:	AdventureHut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadventurehut.com%2F
desc:	Onlinelogbookwithabilitytouploadphotosandrateclimbs.Searchable.

title:	Camp4 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.camp4.com%2F
desc:	Includesnews,articles,tripreports,andfiction,plusphotosandlinks.

title:	Climber Online! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclimberonline.com%2F
desc:	Articles.Reviews.Siteoftheweek.Searchablelinkdatabase.

title:	Climbing Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.climbing.com%2F
desc:	News.Informationaboutthecurrentissue.Subscriptioninformation.Backissuesforsale.Techtips.Photos.Letterstotheeditor.

title:	Greenspun Mountaineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greenspun.com%2Fbboard%2Fq-and-a.tcl%3Ftopic%3DMountaineering
desc:	Discussionforumformountaineeringandgeneralclimbingtopics.

title:	Gripped 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gripped.com%2F
desc:	Discussionforum.BasicinformationaboutCanadianclimbingareas,gyms,andgearshops.Subscriptioninformation.Tableofcontentsforthecurrentissue.Someonlinearticles.(Canadianmagazine)

title:	Jolly Power 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jollypower.com%2F
desc:	Articlesontrainingforclimbing.Personaltrainingoffered.(siteinEnglishandItalian,somesectionsinItalianonly)

title:	Just Climb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.justclimb.com%2F
desc:	Discussionforumsforrockclimbing,bouldering,iceclimbing,andaccessissues.Alsoincludesphotogalleryandnews.

title:	PlanetMountain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planetmountain.com%2F
desc:	News,articles,competitionresults.Gearreviewsandtestresults.InformationonclimbingintheDolomites,Italy.(EnglishandItalian)

title:	Rock & Ice Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rockandice.com%2F
desc:	News.Articles.Tableofcontentsforcurrentpaperissue.Backissuesforsale.Questionandanswerforum.Someonlineguides.

title:	Sierra Club Outing, 1934 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnormanclyde.20m.com%2F
desc:	Vintagemovies(QuickTime)ofNormanClydeandothersinYosemitein1934.

title:	Tom Moyer's Testing Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xmission.com%2F%7Etmoyer%2Ftesting%2F
desc:	TestresultsfortheEuro-DeathKnot(overhandknotforrappelling),waterknots,highstrengthcord,andothertechnicalrescueandclimbingissues.

title:	Tuan's Mountaineering Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.terragalleria.com%2Fmountain%2F
desc:	InformationforYosemite,CaliforniaandtheMont-Blancrange.NorthAmericaniceclimbingandmountaineering.Tripreports.Photos.Links.Tips.Technicalarticles.

title:	Vertical Jones Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fverticaljones.com%2F
desc:	Gearreviewsforrockandiceclimbinggear.Photos.Onlinearchiveofsomearticles.Tableofcontentsforthecurrentprintissue.Subscriptioninformation.

title:	Women Climbing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FClimbing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.womenclimbing.com%2F
desc:	Historyofwomeninclimbing.Gearforwomen.Articles.Photos.Discussionforums.Partnerlisting.

title:	Norges klatreforbund 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FFerie_og_fritid%2FKlatring&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.klatring.no%2F
desc:	Informasjonomforbundetogfraforbundetomkonkurranser,utdanning,sikkerhetogklubber.

title:	Klatresiden.no 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FFerie_og_fritid%2FKlatring&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.klatresiden.no%2F
desc:	EnkeltmannsforetakdrevetavLarsLomtjernbakkensomtilbyrklatrekursogklatringiLarvik,StavernogStokke.

title:	Alex Gavan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FRom%C3%A2n%C4%83%2FSport%2FAlpinism&url=http%3A%2F%2Falexgavan.ro%2F
desc:	Alpinistdealtitudine,cumaimulteexpeditiiinHimalaya.

title:	Klatresteder.dk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDansk%2FFritid%2FKlatring&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.klatresteder.dk%2F
desc:	IndeksoverklatreklubberogklatrestederiDanmark.

title:	Andros Mannenkliniek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FMannen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.andros.nl%2F
desc:	Gespecialiseerdekliniekdiezichrichtopdeurogenitalegezondheidsklachtenvandeouderwordendeman.MetkliniekeninAmsterdam,Arnhem,Baarn,DenHaagenMaastricht.

title:	Besnijdeniskliniek Noord 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FMannen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.besnijdenisklinieknoord.nl%2F
desc:	Specialistischcentrumvoorbesnijdenissenvanjongensenmannen.LocatiesinGroningenenAlmelo.

title:	Mannenkliniek de Boer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FGezondheid%2FMannen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dbmgz.nl%2F
desc:	KliniekinBilthovenophetgebiedvanmedischeseksuologieenfunctioneleurologie.

title:	Men's Health Week 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMen%27s_Health&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.menshealthweek.org%2F
desc:	FeaturinginformationaboutactivitiessurroundingNationalMen'sHealthWeek.

title:	Be Cook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FSrpski%2FDoma%C4%87instvo%2FKulinarstvo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.becook.com%2F
desc:	Zbirkarecepataizsvetskihkuhinjasablogom.

title:	Ans Culinair Receptesite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.kpn.nl%2Fjgfmkuipers%2F
desc:	Meerdan500receptenvoordedagelijksemaaltijdenfeestelijkegelegenheden.

title:	Cake Your Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.quicknet.nl%2Fqn%2Fprive%2Frc.bos%2Fnl%2F
desc:	Informatieenfoto'svansuikerwerkentaartdecoratie.

title:	De Chef 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.de-chef.nl%2F
desc:	Voor-,hoofd-ennagerechtenuitdeeenvoudigekeukenvoorgezinnen.

title:	Coquinaria.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coquinaria.nl%2F
desc:	Historische(vanafdeRomeinsetijdtotindenegentiendeeeuw)enmodernerecepten,meteenafdelinggewijdaanbouillonsenfonds.DaarbijinformatieoverkookavondengeorganiseerddoorChristianneMuusers.

title:	Culinaire keuken thuis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.home.nl%2Fpjamarisael%2F
desc:	Denieuwstereceptenvansoepen,ovenschotels,nagerechtenenfeestmenu's.

title:	Dr. Oetker: de Bakspecialist 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oetker.nl%2F
desc:	Sitemetbakrecepten,themareceptenenbaktips,zoalskwarktaarten,Monchoutaart,MuffinsenBrownies.

title:	Edith's Digitale Keuken 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eediete.nl%2Fkeuken%2F
desc:	Edithschrijftoverwaterzoalinhaareigenkeukengebeurd.Metreceptenvoor2personen.

title:	Exotenrecepten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exotenrecepten.nl%2F
desc:	WebsitevanFTKHollandB.V.teBleiswijk.Beschrijvingvan15exotenmetpersoort10receptenomzeteverwerken.

title:	Frequently Asked Culinaires 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FHuis_en_Tuin%2FKoken&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hermans.org%2Fculinair%2FFAC%2Findex.html
desc:	Systematischgeordendeverzamelingrecepten.

title:	Angolo del gusto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FCasa%2FCucinare&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angolodelgusto.it%2F
desc:	Proponeunpiccolocorsodicucinaedinformazionisuortaggiespezie.Offreconsigliigienici,sullaconservazionedeglialimentiepernonfarsimale.

title:	Bonan Apetiton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FHejmo%2FKuirado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fapetito.ikso.net%2F
desc:	Retejoporvegetarajkajveganajreceptoj.

title:	Kuiradaj Semajnfinoj de JEFO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FEsperanto%2FHejmo%2FKuirado&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffagot.alain.free.fr%2Fkuirado%2F
desc:	Informojpripasintajsemajnfinoj.Kunlareceptojkajmendiloporpresitajreceptaretoj.

title:	Canned Food Alliance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mealtime.org%2F
desc:	Aconsortiumofsteelmakers,canmakers,foodprocessorsandcannedfoodbrandspromotingthenutritionalandconveniencebenefitsofcannedfood.Featuresarecipedatabase,bulletinboard,onlinesurveys,recipecontestandtipsonhealth,lifestylesandtimesaving.

title:	Chef Talk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cheftalk.com%2F
desc:	Culinarypagewithrecipesandinformation.

title:	A Chefs Help 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chefs-help.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersworldwiderecipes,menustoorder,helpwithcookingproblems,wineselection,reviewsandrelateditems.

title:	The Cooking Inn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thecookinginn.com%2F
desc:	Offersrecipes,cookbookreviews,andalibrarysectionfeaturingarticlesonvarioussubjects.

title:	CookingIndex.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cookingindex.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofcookingresourceswithrecipesandcookinglinks.

title:	CooksRecipes.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cooksrecipes.com%2F
desc:	Acookingsiteofferingonlineculinaryhelp,asearchableindexofrecipes,dailytipsandtrivia.

title:	Culinary.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culinary.net%2F
desc:	Recipes,cookingtips,foodforums,articles,columns,contests,andproductoffers.

title:	Doctor Gourmet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drgourmet.com%2F
desc:	Recipes,news,tips,techniques,foodratings,linksandinformationtohelpingtoeatwellandhealthy.

title:	The Food Channel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foodchannel.com%2F
desc:	Foodinformation,recipes,entertainment,trendinformation,diningadvice,andfooddiscussions.

title:	Foodgeeks.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffoodgeeks.com%2Frecipes%2F
desc:	Sharingsiteofferingacollectionofover6000recipes,discussiongroupandrecipeboxavailable.Alsooffersnewsletter.

title:	Good Cooking 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goodcooking.com%2F
desc:	Presentsawiderangeofrecipesandinformationongeneralorgourmetcooking,worldcuisines,andwine.Offerscookingdefinitions,facts,aforum,andprofessionalrecipes.

title:	Hannaford Supermarkets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hannaford.com%2FContents%2FAll_About_Food%2FRecipes%2Findex.shtml
desc:	Alargecollectionofrecipes,foodsafetyandpreparationtips.

title:	Home and Family: Food & Nutrition 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.homefamily.net%2Fcategory%2Ffood-nutrition%2F
desc:	Recipesandarticlesaboutfoodsafety,nutrition,andpreparation,providedbytheAssociationofSaskatchewanHomeEconomists.

title:	KitchenDaily 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kitchendaily.com%2F
desc:	Offersrecipes,how-tovideos,cookingtipsandmenus.

title:	The Love Chef 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelovechef.com%2F
desc:	Recipes,andweeklycooking,restaurantandshoppingtips.

title:	Mimi's Cyber Kitchen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cyber-kitchen.com%2F
desc:	Recipes,exchanges,cookbookandsoftwarereviews,archiveoftherec.food.cuisine.jewishnewsgroup,andMimi'spersonalcollection.

title:	Ochef.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ochef.com%2F
desc:	Providesanswerstocookingquestions,aswellasdailyrecipes,cookbookreviews,andfoodandcookingnews.

title:	PerfectEntertaining.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.perfectentertaining.com%2F
desc:	Cooking,recipesandbookreviews.

title:	Recipe Tips .Com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.recipetips.com%2F
desc:	Featuresrecipesalongwithkitchentips,techniques,andadvice.

title:	Saveurs du monde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FMaison%2FCuisine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saveursdumonde.net%2F
desc:	Recettesdecuisinedumondeentier,produits,techniques,traditionsculinairesetgrandestoques.

title:	Kosh Tili 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=Home%2FCooking%2FWorld_Cuisines%2FEuropean%2FTatar&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.recipesource.com%2Fdesserts%2Fcookies%2F11%2Frec1126.html
desc:	RecipeforBird'sTongue,aTatarsweet.

title:	Buku Resep Masakan Dapur Ibu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRumah_Tangga%2FMemasak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.griyakuliner.com%2F
desc:	Menyediakanberbagairesepmakanandanminuman.Berisipenjelasanbahandancarapenyakiansecarasingkat.

title:	DetikFood 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRumah_Tangga%2FMemasak&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffood.detik.com%2F
desc:	Informasidanberitaseputarduniamakanan,resepmasakan,ramuanjamu,restoran,tempatkursus,dantipsmemasak.

title:	Koleksi Resep Makanan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRumah_Tangga%2FMemasak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foods-recipe.com%2F
desc:	Menyediakanresep-resepmasakandanminumandariberbagaikawasan.TerdapatmenumasakanIndonesia,Asia,Eropa,danminunman.

title:	Resep Kita 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRumah_Tangga%2FMemasak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.resepkita.com%2F
desc:	ResepmemasakberbagaimacammasakanIndonesia,Cina,Eropa,kue-kue,danjugaminuman.

title:	Resep Masakan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRumah_Tangga%2FMemasak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcuek.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Kumpulanresep-resepmasakankhasdenganberbagaikategoribahanpangan.

title:	Resep Masakan Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=home&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FRumah_Tangga%2FMemasak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dunia-ibu.org%2Fdapur%2F
desc:	Menyediakanberbagairesep-resepmasakandantipsmemasak.Berisikoleksiresepmakananringandanmakananutama.

title:	Business source 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FKorean%2F%EB%B9%84%EC%A6%88%EB%8B%88%EC%8A%A4%EC%99%80_%EA%B2%BD%EC%A0%9C%2F%EC%A7%80%EC%8B%9D%2C%EC%A0%95%EB%B3%B4&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humanshift.com%2F
desc:	businesssourcedirectory

title:	Guinness World Records 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FWorld_Records&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guinnessworldrecords.com%2F
desc:	Onlineeditionofthebookbearingthesametitle.Featuresworldrecordsarrangedbycategory,theDailyWowselection,games,anduserfavorites.Flashpluginrecommendedforviewing.

title:	Calendar Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hermetic.ch%2Fcal_stud.htm
desc:	Informationaboutcalendarhistoryandcalendarreform.

title:	Calendar Zone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calendarzone.com%2F
desc:	Acategorizedcollectionofcalendarrelatedsites.

title:	English Calendar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpeople.albion.edu%2Fimacinnes%2Fcalendar
desc:	Includesanecclesiasticalcalendarandasectiononoldandnewstyledating.

title:	A Few Facts Concerning GMT, UT, and the RGO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apparent-wind.com%2Fgmt-explained.html
desc:	Explainsthedifferencesbetweenseveraltimesystems.

title:	A History of Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-history.mcs.st-andrews.ac.uk%2FHistTopics%2FTime_1.html
desc:	Explainstheimportanceofconceptoftimeinthehistoryofmathematics,scienceandmeasurement.

title:	Infoplease: Daylight Saving Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoplease.com%2Fspot%2Fdaylight1.html
desc:	InformationandhistoryaboutDaylightSavingTimeallovertheworld.

title:	International Standard Date and Time Notation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cl.cam.ac.uk%2F%7Emgk25%2Fiso-time.html
desc:	AnoverviewoftheISO8601notationfordates.

title:	Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iep.utm.edu%2Ftime%2F
desc:	Timehasbeenstudiedforthousandsofyears.Nevertheless,manyissuesremaintoberesolved.Thisarticleexploresbothwhatisnowknownabouttimeandwhatiscontroversialandunresolved.

title:	NIST Time and Frequency Division 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nist.gov%2Fpml%2Fdiv688%2F
desc:	TheNationalInstituteofStandardsandTechnologymaintainstimeandfrequencystandardsfortheUnitedStates.

title:	NPR : 'Seize the Daylight': A History of Clock Chaos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npr.org%2Ftemplates%2Fstory%2Fstory.php%3FstoryId%3D4572036
desc:	BenjaminFranklinfirstcalledforthegovernmenttotinkerwithclockhoursinthe1780s.Butitwasn'tuntilWorldWarIthattheUnitedStatesadopteddaylight-savingtimeasawaytogetmoreefficiencyoutoftheday."SeizetheDaylight"AuthorDavidPrerautalksaboutthecomplicatedpoliticsandcurioushistoryofDST,andhesharesanexcerptfromhisbook.[4:54streamingaudiobroadcast]

title:	This Day In History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.history.com%2Fthis-day-in-history
desc:	Todayinhistoryeveryday-oftenwithpicturesandsound.

title:	Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscienceworld.wolfram.com%2Fastronomy%2FTime.html
desc:	Providesdescriptionsofseveralstandardsoftime.

title:	Time FAQ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.faqs.org%2Ffaqs%2Fastronomy%2Ffaq%2Fpart3%2F
desc:	FrequentlyAskedQuestionsabouttime(fromsci.astronewsgroup)

title:	Time Zone and Daylight Saving Time Data 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twinsun.com%2Ftz%2Ftz-link.htm
desc:	Adirectoryofsitesprovidingdescriptionsofciviltimekeepingconcepts,sourcecode,databases,andmaps.

title:	A Walk Through Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nist.gov%2Fpml%2Fgeneral%2Ftime%2F
desc:	Evolutionoftimekeepingthroughthecenturies.

title:	Wikipedia: Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FTime
desc:	Timeisacommontermfortheexperienceofduration,andafundamentalquantityofmeasuringsystems.Articleexplainstimedefinitions,historyofmeasurements,perceptionsinreligion,philosophyandscience.

title:	Z-Time 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FTime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maybeck.com%2Fztime%2F
desc:	Articleonthetimeat0degreeslongitude.Coversthetimezoneorigin,GMT,UTC,GCT,ZULUandJIG.

title:	Bomoon Electronics Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FKorean%2F%EB%B9%84%EC%A6%88%EB%8B%88%EC%8A%A4%EC%99%80_%EA%B2%BD%EC%A0%9C%2F%EC%A0%9C%EC%A1%B0%EC%97%85%2F%EC%A0%84%EA%B8%B0%2C%EC%A0%84%EC%9E%90&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bomoon.com%2F
desc:	

title:	24 timers uret 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FDansk%2FReference%2FTid&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.24timersuret.dk%2F
desc:	Argumentererforatviidagligtalekonsekventbruger24-timersuret.

title:	OkPedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FEnciclopedie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okpedia.it%2F
desc:	Enciclopediadieconomiapoliticaetecnologiaconlezioni,materialididatticieappuntidiapprofondimento.

title:	Open Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FEnciclopedie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fopen-site.org%2FInternational%2FItaliano%2F
desc:	Enciclopediaapertagestitadaeditorivolontari,rispecchiaimetodielatassonomiadiODP.

title:	Sapere.it 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FEnciclopedie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sapere.it%2F
desc:	EnciclopediamultimedialeonlinepromossadaDeAgostini.Organizzataincanalitematicitracuiscienza,tecnologia,storia,letteratura,arteespettacolo.

title:	Treccani 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FEnciclopedie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.treccani.it%2F
desc:	Ilportaleospitaoltre300.000lemmi.

title:	Vikidia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FEnciclopedie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fit.vikidia.org%2F
desc:	Enciclopediagestitadavolontaridirettaagiovanilettori.

title:	Wikipedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FEnciclopedie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fit.wikipedia.org%2F
desc:	Enciclopediaapertagestitadaeditorivolontari.Hacomeaspirazionifondamentalicontenutoliberoedarticolioggettivi.

title:	AbsoluteFacts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FEncyclopedie%C3%ABn&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.absofacts.com%2F
desc:	Defeitenovermensenengebeurtenissen,diehetlevenvanalledagingrijpendveranderden.

title:	Enkhuizer almanak 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FEncyclopedie%C3%ABn&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.almanak.nl%2F
desc:	InformatieoverdeEnkhuizerAlmanakenzijnrijkegeschiedenis.DaarnaastzijnertalvanandereonderwerpendiebetrekkinghebbenopdeEnkhuizerAlmanak

title:	Ensie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FEncyclopedie%C3%ABn&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ensie.nl%2F
desc:	Deeljekennisalsexpertopdezeonlineencyclopedie.VoortgekomenuitdeEersteNederlandseSystematischIngerichteEncyclopaedie(E.N.S.I.E.)van1946.

title:	Keurtekens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FEncyclopedie%C3%ABn&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keurtekens.nl%2F
desc:	Keurtekensinzilverengoud.Dekeurtekenszoalsdezeindiverselandeninedelmetaalgeslagenwordenomhetgehalteaanteduiden.

title:	1902 Encyclopedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.1902encyclopedia.com%2F
desc:	ArticlesandillustrationsfromtheEncyclopaediaBritannica,9thEdition(1875)and10thEdition(1902).Searchablebykeywordandbrowsablebysubjectindex.

title:	Encyclopaedia Britannica Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britannica.com%2F
desc:	Providesselectedarticlesforfree,fulltextwithsearchcapabilities,multimediaandrelatedlinksforsubscribers.

title:	Encyclopedia 123 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.encyclopedia123.com%2F
desc:	Alphabeticalarrangementofinformationfromthelate1800s.

title:	Encyclopedia Smithsonian 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.si.edu%2FEncyclopedia_SI%2F
desc:	Linkstoon-lineSmithsonianresourcesandanswerstofrequentlyaskedquestionsfromAtoZ.

title:	HighBeam Encyclopedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.encyclopedia.com%2F
desc:	OffersarticlesfromtheColumbiaEncyclopediaandBritannicaConciseEncyclopedia.

title:	How Stuff Works 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2F
desc:	Articlesexplainhowhundredsofthingswork,fromelementsofthehumanbodytospace-agetechnology.

title:	Information Please 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infoplease.com%2F
desc:	Onlinedictionary,ColumbiaEncyclopedia,andalmanacreference.

title:	Infosnacks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.infosnacks.com%2F
desc:	Offersconcisesnippetsofinformationacrosscategoriessuchasbeverages,gamesandgeography.

title:	Mashpedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEncyclopedias&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmashpedia.com%2F
desc:	Multimedia,featuringtextandvideos.Resultscanbesortedintomostrecentorpopular,guidesorfacts.

title:	Etnografski Muzej 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FSrpski%2FNauka%2FMuzeji&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etnografskimuzej.rs%2F
desc:	Osnovnipodaciomuzeju,desavanja,izlozbekaoiprezentacijazbirkemuzeja.

title:	1. svetovna vojna 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSlovensko%2FReference%2FMuzeji&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kobariski-muzej.si%2F
desc:	PredmetiizprvesvetovanevojnevKobaridu

title:	Falu Vetenskapscentrum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FReferenser%2FMuseer%2FVetenskap&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dalnet.se%2F%7Estella%2F
desc:	Ett"sciencecenter"medplanetarium.

title:	Brusselse museumraad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brusselsmuseums.be%2F
desc:	OverkoepelendeverenigingvoortachtigmuseavanhetBrusselsGewest.Beknopteinformatiepermuseum,waarondereenstratenplan.Onlinequiz.

title:	CollectieGelderland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collectiegelderland.nl%2F
desc:	Digitaalontsluitenvancollectiesvanmusea,archieven,bibliotheken,historischeverenigingenenandere(erfgoed)organisatiesuitGelderland.

title:	The British Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishmuseum.org%2F
desc:	[Londra]Presentailfamosomuseo,coninformazionigenerali,descrizioniefotodeglioggetticollezionatinellasuagalleria.

title:	I Musei di Palazzo Farnese 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.farnese.net%2F
desc:	[Piacenza]Offrelastoriadell'edificio,edidettaglideisezionipinacoteca(conelencoopereperautore),sculture,armiantiche,carrozze,edIlRisorgimento.Informazionideieventi,visiteguidateedorario.

title:	Hogia PC-museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FReferenser%2FMuseer%2FVetenskap%2FTekniska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hogia.se%2Fpcmuseum%2F
desc:	Virtuelltmuseummedfaktaomdatornshistoriasedan1940-talet,ordlistaochchatt.

title:	Lillehammer kunstmuseum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FRegionalt%2FEuropa%2FNorge%2FOppland%2FKultur_og_underholdning%2FMuseer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lillehammer-kunst.museum.no%2F
desc:	Informasjonommuseetogdenfastesamlingen,samtprogramforspesielleutstillinger.

title:	Maihaugen - De Sandvigske samlinger 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FRegionalt%2FEuropa%2FNorge%2FOppland%2FKultur_og_underholdning%2FMuseer&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maihaugen.no%2F
desc:	Friluftsmuseummed185gamlebygninger.DeflestefraLillehammerogGudbrandsdalen.

title:	Karnische Museen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FKultur%2FMuseen%2FNach_Regionen%2FEuropa%2F%C3%96sterreich&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karnische-museen.at%2F
desc:	DerVereinKarnischeMuseenbietetInformationenzuMuseenundmusealenEinrichtungimGail-,Gitsch-undLesachtalsowieOberdrauburg.

title:	Greve Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FDansk%2FReference%2FMuseer%2FRegionalt%2F%C3%98stsj%C3%A6lland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grevemuseum.dk%2F
desc:	Kulturhistoriskmuseummedmasserafaktiviteterogudstillinger.

title:	Anchers Hus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FDansk%2FReference%2FMuseer%2FRegionalt%2FNordjylland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anchershus.dk%2F
desc:	MuseumformalerneMichaelogAnnaAncher,Skagen.

title:	Museo de Arte Colonial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FAm%C3%A9rica%2FVenezuela%2FEstados%2FDistrito_Capital%2FArtes_y_entretenimiento%2FMuseos_y_centros_culturales&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quintadeanauco.org.ve%2F
desc:	Recorridoporelmuseo,historia,servicios,noticiasyeventos.

title:	Morozov Shchukin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9f%C3%A9rences%2FMus%C3%A9es%2FR%C3%A9gional%2FAsie%2FRussie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morozov-shchukin.com%2F
desc:	Lescollectionsd'artd'IvanMorozovetSergeChtchoukineaupalaismoscovite.Moscou.

title:	Plurionet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9f%C3%A9rences%2FMus%C3%A9es%2FR%C3%A9gional%2FEurope%2FBelgique&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plurio.net%2Fexport%2Frss%2FrssR06fr.php
desc:	Fluxd'informations:DGBelgien.

title:	Plurionet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9f%C3%A9rences%2FMus%C3%A9es%2FR%C3%A9gional%2FEurope%2FBelgique&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plurio.net%2Fexport%2Frss%2FrssR05fr.php
desc:	Fluxd'informations:Wallonie-Bruxelles.

title:	The Israel Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FMiddle_East&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imj.org.il%2F
desc:	AncientandcontemporaryartfromJerusalem,Israel.

title:	The Reuben and Edith Hecht Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FMiddle_East&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmushecht.haifa.ac.il%2F
desc:	Exhibitsinternationalartandarchaeology.Variousartisticmovementsarerepresented,withtheemphasisonImpressionismandtheJewishSchoolofParis.TheArtwingalsocontainsworksbyJewishartistswhoperishedduringtheHolocaust.LocatedinHaifa,Israel.

title:	Maritime Museum in the Presidio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FSouth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museomaritimo.com%2F
desc:	Collectionsofnavalmodels,historyofAntarcticexplorationandotherexpeditions.Includesresearchcurrentlytakingplace.LocatedinUshuaia,Argentina.

title:	National Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freewebs.com%2Fnrlym%2F
desc:	LocatedinNewDelhi,itfeaturesvintagelocomotivesofIndia,withphotosofrareanduniquesteamlocomotives,carriages,saloonsandotherrailwayartifacts.

title:	Seoul Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifeinkorea.com%2Fcgi-bin%2Ftravinfonjs.cfm%3FTravelID%3D167
desc:	Generalinformationandphotos.

title:	Royal Thai Air Force Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpeterlewisdesign.tripod.com%2Fthaimuseum%2F
desc:	Anunofficialsitewithphotographicandresearchcoverageoftheaircraftondisplay.Somearequiteinteresting.Locatedat171PaholyothinRoad,DonMuang,Bangkok,Thailand.

title:	Barbados Concorde Experience 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FBarbados%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barbadosconcorde.com%2F
desc:	IslocatedadjacenttotheBarbadosairportandhousestheretiredBritishAirwaysConcordeaircraftG-BOAEalsoknownasAlphaEcho.Providesaphotogalleryandfeaturesofthehangerthatisopentothepublic.

title:	The Barbados Museum and Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FBarbados%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barbmuse.org.bb%2F
desc:	Thisnon-profitorganizationoffersalibraryofresourcesopentothegeneralpublic.Eventsarehostedwithinthe19thcenturycourtyardsattheSt.Ann'sGarrisonandamuseumgiftshopisavailablebothonlineandonsite.

title:	The Barbados National Art Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FBarbados%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nagc.bb%2F
desc:	TheBNAGworkswithBarbados'artisticcommunitytoshowcaseBarbadiansartwork.Sitefeaturescalendarofevents,collectionsofartwork,news,andanetworkdedicatedtoartistesofBarbados..

title:	Cricket Legends of Barbados 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FBarbados%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cricketlegendsbarbados.com%2F
desc:	ProvidescricketmemorabiliaoftheWestIndiescricketteamdatingbacktotheearly1900'sandissuitableforbothadultsandchildren.Websiteconsistsofanonlinestoreforclothing,souvenirsandmultimedia.

title:	Museum of Parliament and National Heroes Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FBarbados%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barbadosparliament.com%2F
desc:	BotharehousedinthehistoricWestWingofParliamentandofferacombinationofexhibits,artisticinterpretationsandinteractivemuseumexperiences.TheParliamentofBarbadosisthethirdoldestintheCommonwealth,afterthoseoftheUnitedKingdomandBermuda.

title:	ASVi - Association pour la Sauvegarde du Vicinal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asvi.be%2F
desc:	HousesvehiclesthatonceranontheSNCVfortheNationalLightRailwayCompanyandoffersarestoredtramrideinthelocalarea.Includesmuseumhistory,photos,events,news,fares,andshop.Thuin,Belgium.

title:	Buckinghamshire Railway Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bucksrailcentre.org%2F
desc:	Featuressteamlocomotivesfromexpresspassengertypestothehumbleshuntingengine,aswellasitemsofrollingstock.Includesavisitor'sguide,eventsandalocationmap.

title:	The Corris Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corris.co.uk%2Fnewmuseum.htm
desc:	Timetableandeventscalendar.LocatedinWales,UnitedKingdom.

title:	Delmenhorst-Harpstedt Railway Enthusiasts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jan-harpstedt.de%2Fengl.html
desc:	Thesocietyrunsmuseumtrains(steamandrailcar)ontwolocalrailwaylinesintheareaofDelmenhorst(LowerSaxony,Germany).Picturesofthevehiclesandtimetable.

title:	Didcot Railway Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.didcotrailwaycentre.org.uk%2F
desc:	CollectionincludesGreatWesternRailwaysteamengines,coaches,wagons,andbuildings.LocatedinDidcot,England.

title:	Dutch Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spoorwegmuseum.nl%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheDutchRailwayMuseumlocatedinUtrecht,TheNetherlands,Europe.

title:	East Anglian Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earm.co.uk%2F
desc:	Officialsiteofthemuseum,nearColchester,Essex,includesdetailsofsteamdays,eventsdiary,railtoursandspecialevents.

title:	Finnish Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rautatiemuseo.fi%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationofthemuseumandthehistoryofrailwaysinFinland.

title:	Heaton Park Tramway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fheatonparktramway.btck.co.uk%2F
desc:	AheritagetramlineinManchester,Englandwhooperatebothelectricandhorsedrawntrams.Includesphotosoftheiroperatingfleet,newsandevents.

title:	Hoorn-Medemblik Steam Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstoomtram.nl%2F
desc:	Steamtram/trainmuseumbasedinthetownofHoorn,Netherlands.

title:	Kidderminster Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.krm.org.uk%2F
desc:	ThemuseumhousesavastrangeofrailwayartefactsfromallovertheBritishIsles.

title:	Amber Museum and Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ambergallery.lt%2F
desc:	MuseumofBalticamberfeaturingexhibitsofjewelryandart.LocatedinNida,Lithuania.[EnglishandLithuanian]

title:	Cyprus Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.natmuseum.org.cy%2F
desc:	Museumcollectionincludestheflora,faunaandgeologyofCypruswithover2500exhibits.

title:	Finnish Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luomus.fi%2F
desc:	AnindependentresearchinstitutionfunctioningundertheUniversityofHelsinki.Collectionsincludebotanical,zoological,geologicalandpaleontologicalspecimensfromallovertheworld.Exhibitions,researchandcollections,publications,andcontactinformation.

title:	Central Pacific Railroad Photographic History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcprr.org%2F
desc:	Virtualmuseumswithstereoviews,engravings,maps,anddocumentsthatillustratethehistoryofthefirsttranscontinentalrailroad.

title:	Cheyenne Depot Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cheyennedepotmuseum.org%2F
desc:	HousedintherenovatedUnionPacificdepot,thecollectiontellsthestoryoftheestablishmentofCheyenne,Wyoming,theroleofthecommunityanditspeopleintheoperationoftherailroad,andthehistoryofthebuilding.Discovereventsandamaplocation.

title:	Delaware and Hudson Virtual Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainweb.org%2Fdhvm%2F
desc:	AhistoryofAmerica'soldestcontinuallyoperatedtransportationcompanythroughimagesanddatacollectedbythemuseumcurator.

title:	The Fairfax Station Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fairfax-station.org%2F
desc:	Eventcalendar,photos,mailinglist,andlinks.Facilityrentalalsoavailable.LocatedinVirginia.

title:	Kentucky Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyrail.org%2F
desc:	Collectionofrailroadartifactsandmemorabilia,housedinareplicaoftheoriginalNewHavendepot.Offersexcursionridesonsteamanddiesel-poweredlocomotives.Includeshours,feesanddirections.LocatedinNewHaven.

title:	Trails and Rails Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bchs.us%2Fmuseum.htm
desc:	Visitorinformation,events,andgallery.LocatedinKearney,Nebraska.

title:	Vermont Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcvrr.railfan.net%2Fglorydays%2Fpages%2F
desc:	Informationonthemuseumandcollectionwithphotos.LocatedinWhiteRiverJunction.

title:	Water Valley Casey Jones Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcaseyjonesmuseum.com%2F
desc:	FeaturingtalesabouttheIllinoisCentralRailroad,therealstoryofCaseyJones,annualgathering,project,andnews.LocatedinWaterValley,Mississippi.

title:	Whippany Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whippanyrailwaymuseum.net%2F
desc:	MorrisCounty'sRailroadMuseumisdedicatedtothepreservationofNewJersey'srailroadheritage.Photos.

title:	Alberta Central Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abcentralrailway.com%2F
desc:	Collects,preservesandinterpretsCanadianPacificRailwayequipmentandartifacts.Includesphotos,admissionfees,calendarofevents,locationmapandcontactinformation.LocatedinWetaskiwin.

title:	Alberta Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albertarailwaymuseum.com%2F
desc:	Over50piecesofequipmentareondisplay,includingitemsfromCanadianNationalRailwaysandNorthernAlbertaRailways.Includeshours,admission,photos,linksanddirections.

title:	Canadian Museum of Rail Travel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainsdeluxe.com%2Fcmrt_temp%2F
desc:	Location,facilities,facts,tours,andgiftshop.LocatedinCranbrook,BritishColumbia.

title:	Akron Canton and  Youngstown Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acyhs.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoresearchandpreservationofthehistoryoftheAkronCantonandYoungstownRailroad,Ohio's'RoadofService'.

title:	Alco Historical & Technical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fahts.org%2F
desc:	SocietyinterestedinpreservingtherichhistoryoftheAmericanLocomotiveCompanyanditssubsidiaries.

title:	America Railway Caboose Historical Education Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arches.org%2F
desc:	Railroadhistoricalsocietyfocusingonthecaboose,fromboththehistoricalandpreservationperspective.

title:	Amtrak Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amtrakhistoricalsociety.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyprovidinginformationonthehistoryofAmtrak,acorporationformedtotakeovertheUSnationalrailroadpassengerservicein1971.

title:	Anthracite Railroads Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anthraciterailroads.org%2F
desc:	OrganizationconsistingofenthusiastswhoshareaninterestintherailroadsthatservedtheanthracitecoalminingregionofeasternPennsylvania.

title:	The Atlantic Coast Line and Seaboard Air Line Railroads Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aclsal.org%2F
desc:	PreservingthehistoryandheritageoftheAtlanticCoastLineandSeaboardAirLinerailroads,includingsuccessorSeaboardCoastLine,plusleasedandaffiliatedlinesandpredecessors.

title:	Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.borhs.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtohistoryandresearchoftheBaltimoreandOhioRailroad,thenation'sfirst.

title:	Blackhawk Chapter of the National Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackhawknrhs.org%2F
desc:	Groupwithadeepinterestandappreciationofrailroadhistorywhichisactivelyinvolvedinitsstudyandpreservation.

title:	Burlington Route Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burlingtonroute.com%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyprovidinginformationabouttheChicagoBurlingtonandQuincy,ColoradoandSouthern,FortWorthandDenverRailroads,collectivelyknownastheBurlingtonRoute.

title:	Canadian National Railways Historical Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcnrha.ca%2F
desc:	GroupdevotedtocoveringtheequipmentandhistoryoftherailwaysmakinguptheCanadianNationalRailwaySystem.

title:	Carolwood Pacific Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carolwood.com%2F
desc:	InternethomeoftheonlysocietyintheworlddedicatedtopreservingWaltDisney'slive-steamrailroadinglegacy.

title:	Central of Georgia Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cofga.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalinformationabouttheCentralofGeorgiaRailroad.

title:	Central Vermont Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cvrhs.com%2F
desc:	SocietywhichaimstodocumentandpreservethehistoryoftheCentralVermontRailwayanditssuccessors.

title:	Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cohs.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitcorporationdevotedtothehistoryoftheChesapeake&Ohio,itspredecessorsandsuccessors.

title:	The Chessie System Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainweb.org%2FCSHS%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietydedicatedtothehistoryoftheChessieRailroad.

title:	Chicago and North Western Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnwhs.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyprovidinginformationontheChicagoandNorthWesternRailway;Chicago,St.Paul,MinneapolisandOmaha;MinneapolisandSt.Louis;ChicagoGreatWestern;LitchfieldandMadison;FortDodge,DesMoinesandSouthern;andDesMoinesandCentralIowa.

title:	The Conrail Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthecrhs.org%2F
desc:	EncouragesthecollectionandpreservationofhistoricalmaterialsassociatedwithConrail.

title:	The Denver, South Park & Pacific Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dspphs.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalsocietywhichwasestablishedtopromotethepreservationofthehistoryandartifactsofthepredecessorlinesthatbecamethenarrowgaugeportionoftheColorado&SouthernRailway.

title:	Erie Lackawanna Dining Car Preservation Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eldcps.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopreservingthepassengeranddiningcarexperienceontheErieLackawanna.

title:	Erie Lackawanna Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erielackhs.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalsocietydedicatedtopreservinganddisseminatinginformationabouttheDelaware,Lackawanna&WesternRailroad,theErieRailroad,theErieLackawannaRailroadandrelatedlines.

title:	F40PH Preservation Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.f40ph.org%2F
desc:	TheF40PHPreservationSocietyisaorganizationlocatedinthestateofMassachusettswiththegoalofpreservingF40PHlocomotives.

title:	Fort Wayne RR Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffortwaynerailroad.org%2F
desc:	Organizationdedicatedtopreserving,displaying,andoperatinghistoricalrailroadequipmentrelevanttothesteamerainthemidwest.

title:	Friends of the East Broad Top Railroad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.febt.org%2F
desc:	EducationalandhistoricalsocietydedicatedtothepreservationandrestorationoftheEastBroadTopRailroadNationalHistoricLandmark,inHuntingdonCounty,Pennsylvania.

title:	Geared Steam Locomotive Works 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gearedsteam.com%2F
desc:	PreservingandpromotinginformationonNorthAmericanbuiltgearedsteamlocomotivesincludingBaldwin,Bell,Beyers,Climax,Davenport,Dewey,Dunkirk,Heisler,ShayandWillamette.

title:	GM&O Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gmohs.org%2F
desc:	NonprofithistoricalandeducationalorganizationdedicatedtopreservingthehistoryoftheGulf,Mobile&OhioRailroad,itspredecessorlinesandsubsidiarycompanies.

title:	Grand Trunk Western Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgtwhs.tripod.com%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietycoveringthehistoriesoftheGrandTrunkWestern,DetroitToledoandIronton,DetroitandToledoShoreLine,andDetroitTerminalrailroads.

title:	Great Northern Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnrhs.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietydedicatedtothepreservationofthehistoryoftheGreatNorthernRailway.

title:	Illinois Central Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icrrhistorical.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyprovidinginformationabouttheIllinoisCentralRailroad,pastandpresent.

title:	Illinois Traction Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.illinoistractionsociety.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationstrivingtopreservethehistoryoftheIllinoisTractionSystemandIllinoisTerminalRailroad.

title:	Inland Empire Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Finlandnwrailmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothepreservationofrailwayhistory.

title:	Katy Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.katyrailroad.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalsocietydedicatedtopreservingthehistoryoftheMissouri-Kansas-TexasRailroad,alsoknownastheKaty.

title:	The KCS Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kcshs.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietydedicatedtopreservingthehistoryoftheKansasCitySouthernRailroad.

title:	Lackawanna and Wyoming Valley Rail Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laurellines.org%2F
desc:	Societydedicatedtothepreservationofhistoricrailequipment.

title:	Lehigh Valley Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lvrrhs.org%2F
desc:	SocietyintendingtopreservethehistoryandartifactsoftheLehighValleyRailroad.

title:	Middletown & New Jersey Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mnjrhs.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopreservingtheheritageoftheMiddletownUnionville&WaterGap,Middletown&Unionville,Middletown&NewJerseyandotherarearailroads.

title:	The Milwaukee Electric Railway and Transit Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Emilwaukee_electric%2Findex2.htm
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietypreservingthehistoryofelectricinterurbansandstreetcarsintheMilwaukee,Wisconsinarea.

title:	The Milwaukee Road Historical Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrha.com%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietydedicatedtothehistoryandinformationregardingtheChicago,Milwaukee,St.Paul,andPacificRailroad.

title:	Missabe Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missabe.com%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationforthepurposeofdistributinginformationpertainingtotheDuluth,MissabeandIronRangeRailwayanditspredecessors.

title:	Missouri Pacific Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mopac.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalinformationontheMissouriPacificRailroad,TexasandPacificRailroad,ChicagoandEasternIllinoisRailroadandsubsidiaries.

title:	The Monon Railroad Historical Technical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monon.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyfocusingontheChicagoIndianapolisandLouisvilleRailway,alsoknownastheMonon.

title:	National Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nrhs.com%2F
desc:	Formedin1935,anddedicatedtopreservingwhathaspassed,andwhatlayaheadinrailroading.

title:	New Haven Railroad Historical and Technical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhrhta.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyfocusingtheNewYork,NewHavenandHartfordRailroadCompanyanditspredecessors.

title:	New Jersey Midland Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnjmidland.railfan.net%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothepreservationofthehistoryoftherailroadsthathaveoperatedinNewJersey,withemphasisontheNewJerseyMidlandanditssuccessorNewYork,SusquehannaWestern.

title:	New York Central Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nycshs.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalsocietyperpetuatingthelegacyoftheNewYorkCentralSystem,itspredecessorlinesandsubsidiaryroads.

title:	New York Ontario and Western Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyow.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyfocusingontheNewYorkOntarioandWesternRailway.

title:	New York Railroad Enthusiasts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyrre.org%2Findex.htm
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyinNewYorkCity,focusingonallinterestsincludingfantrips,photography,history,models.

title:	New York Susquehanna and Western Technical and Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyswths.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietyfocusingontheNewYorkSusquehannaandWesternRailroad,bothfromthehistoricalperspectiveandpresentdayoperations.

title:	The Nickel Plate Road Historical and Technical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nkphts.org%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietydedicatedtopreservinganddisseminatinginformationconcerningtheNewYork,ChicagoandSt.LouisRailroadCompanyanditspredecessorrailroads.

title:	Norfolk & Western Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnwhs.org%2F
desc:	ThegoaloftheNorfolkandWesternHistoricalSociety,Inc.isthepreservationofthehistoryoftheNorfolkandWesternandVirginianrailroads.

title:	Norfolk Southern Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.norfolksouthernhs.org%2F
desc:	SocietydedicatedtopreservingthehistoryoftheoriginalNorfolk&SouthernRailroad.

title:	Northern Pacific Railway Historical Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nprha.org%2F
desc:	Independentandnon-profiteducationalorganizationcelebratingtheheritageoftheNorthernPacificRailway.

title:	The Northwestern Pacific Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nwprrhs.org%2F
desc:	SeekstopreservetherichanddiverseheritageofRedwoodEmpirerailroading.

title:	Pacific Railroad Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificrailroadsociety.org%2F
desc:	Oneoftheoldestandlargestrailenthusiastclubsforpeoplewhoareinterestedinrailroadhistoryandtravel.

title:	Penn Central Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcrrhs.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopreservingthehistoryofthePennCentralRailroad.

title:	Pennsylvania Railroad Technical and Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prrths.com%2F
desc:	Historicalsocietywhichaimstopreservetheheritageof"TheStandardRailroadoftheWorld".

title:	Phillipsburg Railroad Historians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prrh.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopreservingtherailroadhistoryofWarrenCountyandsurroundingareas.

title:	Placer Sierra Railroad Heritage Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpsrhs.org%2F
desc:	PreservationofrailroadhistoryoftheDonnerPassRouteoftheFirstTranscontinentalRailroadthroughtheSierraNevadaMountainsofCalifornia

title:	Railroad Station Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainweb.org%2Frshs%2F
desc:	Railroadhistoricalsocietydevotedtothestudyofrailroaddepots,towers,roundhouses,bridges,andotherrailroadstructures.

title:	Railroad Station Historical Society Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rrshs.org%2F
desc:	Historicalsocietyforrailroadstations.

title:	Railway & Locomotive Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Frlhs.org%2F
desc:	Historicalsocietydevotedtopreservingrailroadhistory.

title:	Richmond, Fredericksburg & Potomac Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rfandp.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalsocietydedicatedtopromotingandpreservingthehistoryoftheRichmond,FredericksburgandPotomacRailroadthrougheducation,historicalandtechnicalresearch.

title:	Rock Island Technical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rits.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitcorporationthatpreserves,distributesandpublishesinformationabouttheChicago,RockIslandandPacificRailroad,itspredecessorsandaffiliatedcompanies.

title:	Rocky Mountain Rail Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.6060.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothepreservationofCanadianNationalRailwaysteamlocomotive6060.

title:	Rocky Mountain Railroad Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rockymtnrrclub.org%2F
desc:	Denver,Coloradobasedorganizationisdedicatedtothepreservationofhistoricrailroadequipment,andencouraginganinterestintherailroadtradition.

title:	San Bernardino Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbrhs.org%2F
desc:	SocietywhichhasafocusofcollectinghistoricallyrelevantpiecesofSantaFeheritageforpreservation.

title:	San Diego Electric Railway Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdera.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothepreservationofthehistoryoftheSanDiegoElectricRailway.

title:	Santa Clara River Valley Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scrvrhs.com%2F
desc:	Non-profitvolunteerorganizationdedicatedtothepreservationofthehistoryandheritageoftherailroadintheSantaClaraRiverValley.

title:	Shortlines of Chicago Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dhke.com%2Fschs%2F
desc:	RailroadhistoricalsocietythatispreservinginformationabouttheindustrialandshortlinerailroadsintheChicagometropolitanarea.

title:	Soo Line Historical and Technical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sooline.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesdetailsabouttheSooLineanditspredecessors.Includesinformationformodelersaboutavailablemodels,decals,andhistoricaldetail.

title:	Southern  Railway  Historical  Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srha.net%2F
desc:	NonprofithistoricalorganizationdedicatedtothepreservationanddisseminationofinformationrelatedtotheSouthernRailway,itspredecessorsandaffiliates.

title:	Southern Pacific Historical and Technical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sphts.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalsocietyintendingtopreserveanddisseminatethehistoryoftheSouthernPacificRailroadanditsaffiliates.

title:	Spokane, Portland & Seattle Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spshs.org%2F
desc:	SocietydedicatedtopreservingthehistoryoftheSpokane,Portland&SeattleRailwayanditsaffiliatelines.

title:	Toronto, Hamilton & Buffalo Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thbrailway.ca%2F
desc:	SocietywhichaimstopreservethehistoryoftheToronto,Hamilton&BuffaloRailway.

title:	Tri-State Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tristaterail.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalsocietydedicatedtothepreservationanddisseminationofthehistoryofNewJerseyrailroads.

title:	TRRA Historical and Technical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftrra-hts.railfan.net%2F
desc:	OrganizationstrivingtopreservetherailhistoryofSt.Louis,theTerminalRailroadandSt.LouisUnionStation.

title:	Union Pacific Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uphs.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalinformationontheUnionPacificRailroad,pastandpresent.

title:	Wabash Railroad Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wabashrhs.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothecollectionandpreservationofhistoricalartifacts,data,photos,anddrawingsonthehistory,operationandequipmentoftheWabashRailroadCompany,itspredecessorsandaffiliates.

title:	West Lincoln Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wlhs.info%2F
desc:	SocietydedicatedtopreservingtheTH&BstationinSmithville.

title:	Western New York Railway Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTrains_and_Railroads%2FHistory%2FHistorical_Societies%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainweb.org%2Fwnyrhs%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtoestablishandmaintainapermanentrailroadmuseum,andhouse,preserveanddisplayequipment,photographiccollectionsandartifacts.Includesacalendar,photographs,informationaboutequipmentanddepots,andamembershipapplication.

title:	Eureka! -  The National Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eureka.org.uk%2F
desc:	Interactive,containsdetailsofnewsandevents,teacherplanningsection,pressreleases,andinformationaboutopeningtimesandprices.LocatedinHalifax,WestYorkshire,UK.

title:	Show Me - UK Museums for Kids 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.show.me.uk%2F
desc:	ShowcasingUKmuseumsandgalleriesforkids.Thesiteincludesgames,homeworkhelpandlinkstoallUKmuseumsandgalleries.AnoncommercialsiteproducedbyCulture24.

title:	The Vaisseau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.levaisseau.com%2Fen%2F
desc:	Hands-onscienceandtechnologycenterfeaturesexhibitions,workshops,mini-sciencecamps,andgroupvisits.Includeshours,admissionprices,amenitiesandfacilities,anddirections.LocatedinStrasbourg,France.[French,English,andGerman]

title:	Amsterdam Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amsterdammuseum.nl%2F
desc:	Thecollectionconsistsofpaintings,prints,maquettes,objectsandarchaeologicalfinds.ItshowshowAmsterdamgrewfromasmallmedievaltowntoaworldfamouscentre.

title:	Auschwitz - Birkenau Memorial and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auschwitz.org%2F
desc:	WorldWarIIexterminationcampandmemorialtoHolocaustvictims.

title:	Berlin Wall Documentation Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berliner-mauer-gedenkstaette.de%2F
desc:	OnecomponentofthememorialsiteensembleatBernauerStrasse,includingtheBerlinWallmemorialandtheChapelofReconciliation,designedtopreservethehistoryofthedivisionofGermany.

title:	Casa Museo di Antonio Gramsci 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.casagramscighilarza.org%2F
desc:	MuseumandCentreofDocumentationandResearchintoGramscianWorksandtheWorkersMovement.Ghilarza,Oristano,Sardinia,Italy.

title:	Ebensee Concentration Camp Memorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.memorial-ebensee.at%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	AsatellitecampofMauthausenonNovember18th,1943nearthevillageofEbenseeinUpperAustria,oneofover40outpostsoftheconcentrationcampMauthausen,whereprisonershadtoworkfortheGermanarmamentindustry.

title:	G.A. Serlachius Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.serlachius.fi%2F
desc:	Tracesthecourseofhumanlivesinthecountryfromthe19thcenturytothepresentday,andincludesdetailsofexhibitions,events,guidedtoursanddirections.LocatedinFinland.[Finnish,Swedish,English].

title:	Aegean Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fodysseus.culture.gr%2Fh%2F1%2Feh151.jsp%3Fobj_id%3D3486
desc:	Featuresexhibits,alibrary,andancientmarblegravestones.LocatedontheislandofMykonos.

title:	The Estonian State Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abc.se%2F%7Em10354%2Fmar%2Fmeremuus.htm
desc:	Exhibitsthegeneralhistoryofshippingandfishing.LocatedinTallinn.

title:	Eyrarbakki Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nat.is%2FSofn%2Feyrarbakki_maritime.htm
desc:	Displaysacollectionofartifactsconnectedwithfisheries,crafts,andthesocialandculturallifeofasmallIcelandicfishingvillage.Provideshoursandlocation.LocatedinIceland.

title:	Hellenic Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greece.org%2Fposeidon%2Fwork%2Fmuseums%2Fhmm%2F
desc:	Presentthehistory,exhibitdetails,andlibrary.LocatedinPiraeus,Greece.

title:	Kon-Tiki Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kon-tiki.no%2F
desc:	PrivatemuseumwhichexhibitsvesselsfromThorHeyerdahl'sexpeditions.LocatedinOslo,Norway.

title:	Maritime Museum Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hetscheepvaartmuseum.nl%2F
desc:	AllowsaccesstotheDigitalMaritimeDatabase,inwhichthecataloguesofthetwolargestmaritimemuseumsoftheNetherlandsarecombined.

title:	Maritime Museum of Crete 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mar-mus-crete.gr%2Findex.php%2Fen%2Fmuseum%2Fhistory-foundation
desc:	LocatedinCreteofGreecetoshelter,protectandexhibitGreeknavaltraditions.Includespictures,hoursandlocation.

title:	Central Finland Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k-silmailumuseo.fi%2F
desc:	ExhibitionconsistsmainlyofaircraftwhichhavebeenusedbytheFinnishAirForce,theirenginesandaircrewequipment.Includesphotogalleryandlistofplanes,opentimes,directionsandprices.LocatednearTikkakoski.

title:	Kobarid Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kobariski-muzej.si%2F
desc:	PresentsthehistoryofKobarid(Slovenia),particularlytheeventsontheSocabetweenMayandNovember1917.Ahistoricalmuseumwithamilitarysubjectandanantiwarmessage.

title:	Kubinka Tank Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.threewhales.ru%2Ft25.html
desc:	Featuresafullyescortedtourofoneoftheworldlargesttankmuseums.Informationonclearanceforforeignvisitors,fees,pictures,andinformation.LocatedinRussia.

title:	Memorial Museum Passchendaele 1917 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmmp.zonnebeke.be%2F
desc:	History,photos,educationalactivities,archives,news,andcontactinformation.LocatedinZonnebeke,theNetherlands.[English,Dutch]

title:	Museum of Science and Industry: U-505 Submarine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msichicago.org%2Fwhats-here%2Fexhibits%2Fu-505%2F
desc:	GermanWorldWarIIType-IXcUnterseeboot(submarine)thatwascapturedinbattlebyboardingpartiesfromtheUSSGuadalcanaltaskgroup23on4June1944.ItresidesintheMuseumofScienceandIndustryinChicago,Il.

title:	AeroExpo Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.expo.aero%2F
desc:	InformationaboutaircraftexpositionsinPragueandWycombe(UK),withexhibitorlists,sponsors,visitorinformationandlocations.

title:	Conservatoire de l'Air et de l'Espace d'Aquitaine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caea.info%2F
desc:	Anexcellentsitefeaturingalargeaircraftandenginecollectionwithphotosandhistoryofmost.LocatednearBordeaux,France.

title:	Aboca Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abocamuseum.it%2F
desc:	Featuresanhistoricalsurveyofmedicinalherbs.Includescollectionsofbooks,mortars,ceramicsandpharmacymortars.LocatedinSansepolcro,Italy.[ItalianandEnglish]

title:	Belgian Museum of Radiology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radiology-museum.be%2F
desc:	Collectionincludesabout1500objectsfromearlyhistoryofradiologytoclinicalandtherapeuticapplications.Includesvirtualmuseum,eventsandprograms,visitorinformation.LocatedinBrussels.[English,FrenchandDutch].

title:	The Old Operating Theatre Museum & Herb Garret 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thegarret.org.uk%2F
desc:	Britain'soldestsurvivingoperatingtheatre,datingto1822andrestoredwithoriginalfurniture,includesmuseumexhibitsonearlymedicineandherbalremedies.

title:	Thackray Medical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thackraymedicalmuseum.co.uk%2F
desc:	Featurescollectionsofsurgicalinstruments,pharmacyceramics,andmedicaltradeliterature.Includesdetailsofexhibitions,events,hours,admissionrates,anddirections.LocatedinLeeds,UK.

title:	The Basel Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSwitzerland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museenbasel.ch%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofthemuseumsofBasel,Switzerland.A-Zlistofmuseumswithlinks;listofcurrentandupcomingspecialexhibits.

title:	Dinosaur Museum Aathal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSwitzerland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sauriermuseum.ch%2F
desc:	Includesoverview,photos,news,andavirtualwalkthroughthemuseum.InGermanandEnglish.

title:	Diorama Bethlehem 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSwitzerland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diorama.ch%2F
desc:	DisplayillustratestheChristmasstorywithover450wood-carvedfigureswearingorientalcostumesinarealisticreproductionoftheenvironsofBethlehem.LocatedinEinsiedeln.Slideshow,factsandfigures,visitorinformation.

title:	Fondation Beyeler 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSwitzerland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beyeler.com%2Ffondation%2Findex_language.html
desc:	CollectionofworksbymodernmastersinBasel.Picturesofexhibits,onlineartshop,eventdates.

title:	Automuseum Busch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.automuseum-busch.de%2F
desc:	Anexhibitionofmorethan200cars,motorbikes,tractorsandcaravans.Photosandvisitorinformation.LocatedinWolfegg,Germany.

title:	Autoworld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autoworld.be%2F
desc:	Brusselsmuseumwithacollectionofmorethan400vintageautomobilesdatingfrom1886tothe1970s.Includesavirtualtour,educationalactivities,andlocation.

title:	Den Hartogh Ford Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fordmuseum.nl%2F
desc:	PrivatemuseumpresentingFordvehicles.Containsphotographsofcollectionandvisitordirections.Hillegom,Netherlands.

title:	Heritage Motor Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heritage-motor-centre.co.uk%2F
desc:	Featureslargestcollectionofclassic,vintageandveteranBritishcarsintheworldandconferencefacility.Includeshours,admissionfeesanddirections.LocatedinWarwick,UK.

title:	Mahymobiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mahymobiles.be%2F
desc:	PrivatecollectionincentralBelgium,exhibitingadiverserangeofvehicles,startingfromthebeginningofthecentury.

title:	Malta Classic Car Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classiccarsmalta.com%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,news,photogallery,andagiftshop.LocatedinQawra,Malta.

title:	Motor Stars Italy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motorstars.org%2F
desc:	OfferstoursofprestigiousItaliansportscarandmotorbikemanufacturersincludingFerrari,Lamborghini,Pagani,DucatiandMaserati.

title:	OldTimer.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldtimer.net%2F
desc:	SouthernGermany-Aprivatecarcollectionofover200automobilesbyGermany'srenownedmotorjournalist.Shorthistory,selectedphotosandmuseuminformation.

title:	Pembrokeshire Motor Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pembsmotormuseum.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersoverviewofexhibits,visitorinformation,andlocalattractions.

title:	Prescott Speed Hill Climb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prescott-hillclimb.com%2F
desc:	UK-BackgroundonEttoreBugattiandhisdesigns.AcollectionofBugatticarsandalookathisotherworksintransportation.Freeadmission,includingaccesstoaphotographanddocumentarchive.

title:	Svedino's Automobile and Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svedinos.se%2F
desc:	Europeanmuseumofvintagecarsandaircraft.Presentsatimelinewithphotosofselectedcars.LocatedinUgglarp,Sweden.

title:	Volkswagen Auto Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fautomuseum.volkswagen.de%2F
desc:	Presentsselectedexhibits,museumdirections,andamuseumshop.LocatedinWolfsburg.

title:	Gernika Peace Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSpain%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museodelapaz.org%2F
desc:	HistorymuseumofferingaguidetothehistoryofGernika-Lumo,theCivilWarandthebombing.Findinformationaboutthemuseum'shistoryanditscollections.

title:	Association of Independent Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aim-museums.co.uk%2F
desc:	AIMrepresentsandsupportsindependentmuseumsintheUK.Memberservices,events,directory,AIMbulletindigest.

title:	ExhibitionsNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exhibitionsnet.com%2F
desc:	TheUKgallery,museum,heritageandvisitorattractionwebsite,withnews,information,specialoffersandlinkstomajorvenues.

title:	The Fan Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thefanmuseum.org.uk%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtofansandfanmaking.Includesinformationforvisitors,detailsofthecollection,exhibitionschedule,informationongrouptoursandabriefhistoryoffans.Greenwich,London.

title:	Museum Websites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uk250.co.uk%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	UncategoriseddirectoryoftheUKmuseumwebsites.Submissionsarewelcome.

title:	World Heritage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.world-heritage.org.uk%2F
desc:	Organisestravellingandtemporaryexhibitionswhichareavailableforhire:currentproductsandcontactinformation.

title:	The Belgrade Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSerbia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muzejvazduhoplovstva.org.rs%2F
desc:	Numerousmilitaryandcivilianaircraftsurroundthemushroom-alongwithradarsandotherwondersofaviationtechnology-clearlyindicatingtovisitorsthattheyhavearrivedatanAviationMuseum.

title:	Belgrade City Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSerbia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mgb.org.rs%2F
desc:	BelgradeCityMuseumisacomplexmuseum,withthemaintasktostudyarchaeology,history,artandcultureofthecity,basedonthecollectionofobjectsandinformation.

title:	Belgrade Fortress 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSerbia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beogradskatvrdjava.co.rs%2F
desc:	ThecompanyrunstheoperationsofcommonconcernfortheCityofBelgradeinthedomainofartsandliteraryworkandartsperformance,worksofgalleriesandmuseums,entertainment,andpublishingindustry.

title:	Ethnographic Museum in Belgrade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSerbia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etnografskimuzej.rs%2F
desc:	EthnographicMuseumexistsformorethanacenturyasanimportantethnologicalinstitutionstudyingintodetailtraditionalculture.

title:	Bela Krajina Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSlovenia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.belokranjski-muzej.si%2F
desc:	LocatedinMetlikaCastle,purposeistotakecareofthemovableculturalheritageofBelaKrajina,representedbyarchaeological,ethnologicalandarthistoricalobjectsandcollections.Websiteoffersdetailsonexhibitions,educationdepartmentandvisitorinformation.[English,Slovenian].

title:	Jezerski Hram Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSlovenia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jezerski-hram.si%2F
desc:	InformationontheethnologicalmuseumandservicesincludingtraditionalhorsecartridesonLakeCerknica,Cerknica.

title:	Murska Sobota Regional Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSlovenia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pok-muzej-ms.si%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsonexhibitions,departmentsandactivities,events,libraryandshop.[English,Slovenian,German,Hungarian].

title:	National Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSlovenia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ng-slo.si%2F
desc:	ThemainartmuseuminSloveniacontainingthelargestvisualartscollectionfromthelatemedievalperiodtotheearlytwentiethcentury.

title:	Casino Luxembourg - Forum d'art contemporain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FLuxembourg%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.casino-luxembourg.lu%2F
desc:	Organisescontemporaryartexhibitions.Informationaboutcurrenteventsandexhibitions.

title:	Slovak Technical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSlovakia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stm-ke.sk%2F
desc:	Museumfocusingonnaturalsciences,mining,metalurgy,engineeringandtransportation.Sitelistsallexpositionscountry-wide,historyandcontactdetails.

title:	Warhol Family Museum of Modern Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FSlovakia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.region.sk%2Fwarhol%2F
desc:	Introducingtheartist,statingexhibitsandprogramme.

title:	Irish Museum of Modern Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imma.ie%2F
desc:	Includesbackground,exhibitandcollectionsinformation,notesoneducation,artistandheritageprogrammes,newsandpressreleasesandcontactdetails.

title:	Irish Museums Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishmuseums.org%2F
desc:	Voluntary,notforprofitorganisationdedicatedtopromotingtheinterestsofmuseumsandthosewhoworkinthemthroughoutIreland,bothnorthandsouth.

title:	National Museum of Ireland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.ie%2F
desc:	Overviewofthemuseum,informationonthecollections,exhibitionsandlocations.[DublinandMayo]

title:	National Print Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FIreland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalprintmuseum.ie%2F
desc:	Includesashorttourofthemuseum,descriptionofexhibits,abriefhistoryofprintinginIrelandandvisitorinformation.

title:	Lithuanian Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FLithuania%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ldm.lt%2F
desc:	Composedofseveralbuildingsacrossthecountry.Currentexhibitions.[Lithuanian,English]

title:	Museums of Lithuania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FLithuania%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muziejai.lt%2F
desc:	Directorysearchablebyregionandtypeofmuseum.Includesvirtualexhibitions.

title:	Palanga Amber Park Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FLithuania%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pgm.lt%2F
desc:	Ambermuseumandbotanicalpark.Exhibitions,educationalmaterial.[Lithuanian,English]

title:	Panevezys Local Lore Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FLithuania%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paneveziomuziejus.lt%2F
desc:	Collectsitemsofinteresttoregionalheritageandculturalidentity.Currentexhibitionsandeducationalprograms.[Lithuanian,English]

title:	Trakai History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FLithuania%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trakaimuziejus.lt%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthecastles,expositions,publicationsandprojects.[Lithuanian,English]

title:	ACE Museum Calendar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FHungary%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ace.hu%2FMNM%2FMN%2F
desc:	Exhibitionsprogrammeupdated6timesayear.

title:	Aquincum Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FHungary%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aquincum.hu%2F
desc:	AmuseumofRomanrelicsinalargeexcavationsite.

title:	Archaeocomp Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FHungary%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ace.hu%2F
desc:	SupportsITinarchaeologyandmuseums.ThesiteprovidesinformationonitsactivitiesandonmuseumsinHungary.Linkstomuseumsites.

title:	Airbornemuseum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airbornemuseum.nl%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,collection,schoolprojectsandnewsofthismuseumlocatedinOosterbeek,commemoratingthehistoryandeventsconnectedtoOperationMarketGarden,andtheBattleofArnhem,inWorldWarII.

title:	Houseboat Museum Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.houseboatmuseum.nl%2F
desc:	Detailsonthefloatingmuseumaboutlifeonboarda"typical"houseboatinanAmsterdamcanal.

title:	Jewish Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jhm.nl%2F
desc:	JewishHistoricalMuseuminAmsterdam

title:	Netherlands Maritime Museum Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hetscheepvaartmuseum.nl%2F
desc:	Tellsthestoryofthemaritimepastofthecountry.Practicalinformationforvisitorsanddescriptionsofhighlightsinthecollection.

title:	Royal Tropical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FNetherlands%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kit.nl%2F
desc:	Theinstitutesupportsnon-Westerncountriesinsustainabledevelopmentandinformsthepublicaboutthetropicsandsub-tropics.

title:	Museums of Macedonia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGreece%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumsofmacedonia.gr%2F
desc:	Detailedcoverageof101culturalinstitutions.

title:	Art and Museums in Venice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FItaly%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.invenicetoday.com%2Fmuseums%2Findex.htm
desc:	IllustratedguidetothemuseumsofVenicewithopeninghour,fromInVeniceToday.

title:	Dutch Institute for Art History, Florence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FItaly%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fniki-florence.org%2F
desc:	Organizesexhibitionsofoldmastersandcontemporaryart,usuallyfocusingonItalianandNetherlandishartandartists.Italianart,exhibitions,publications,library,sculpturegarden.

title:	Museo Galileo - Florence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FItaly%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museogalileo.it%2F
desc:	Generalinformationontheinstitute,exhibitsandarchiveswithanimportantsectiononGalileoGalilei.Includesvirtualvisitthroughthemuseumandonlinelearningsections.

title:	National Museum of Science and Technology Leonardo da Vinci 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FItaly%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museoscienza.org%2F
desc:	ImportantsectionaboutLeonardodaVinci.WebsitewithVRML,onlineexhibitions,links.

title:	National Paleolithic Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FItaly%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fxoomer.virgilio.it%2Fdavmonac%2Fhomo%2Fmuseouk.html
desc:	BasicinformationaboutIsernia'sMuseum,featuringaverywellpreservedpaleolithicdeposit.

title:	Turin Pietro Micca Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FItaly%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museopietromicca.it%2F
desc:	CommemoratesthesiegeofTurinin1706bytheFrenchduringtheSpanishSuccessionwar.Includesinformation,history,andlinks.

title:	Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope%2FSweden&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjohistoriska.se%2F
desc:	HostsacollectionofoldshipmodelsaswellasSweden'slargestUWarchaeologylibrary,photoarchive,andthenationalwreckregister.Includeshours,entrancechargesanddirections.LocatedinStockholm.[Swedish,Finnish,andEnglish]

title:	The Maritime Museum at Brantevik 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope%2FSweden&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.branteviksmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Collectionsofpaintingsandmodelsofships,navigationinstruments,tools,andphotosofpeople,shipsandvessels.LocatedinSweden.

title:	The Naval Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope%2FSweden&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marinmuseum.se%2F
desc:	Featureslargecollectionoffigureheadsanditsown18thcenturyunderwaterwreckfullyvisiblebelowthebuilding.Includeshoursandadmissioncharge.LocatedinKarlskrona.[Swedish,GermanandEnglish]

title:	Sweden's Seamen's Shipping Office Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope%2FSweden&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjomanshusmuseum.se%2F
desc:	Showsthedevelopmentofshippingofficesfrom1748to1969.IncludesanexhibitiontohonourseamenwhowerelostinthelineofdutyduringWorldWarII,andaresearchdepartmentwitharchivesandmusterlistsfrom1820to1960.LocatedinUddevallaonthewestcoast.[English/Swedish]

title:	Estonian Agricultural Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fepm.ee%2F
desc:	HistoryoffarminginEstonia,exhibitionsandpublications.Located6kilometerssouthofTartu.[Estonian,English]

title:	Estonian Broadcasting Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rhmuuseum.ee%2F
desc:	Equipment,mementosandarchivesrelatingtoEstonia'sbroadcastinghistory.LocatedinTri.[Estonian,English,Russian,Finnish,German]

title:	Estonian Museum Railway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumrailway.ee%2F
desc:	Restoredtrainsandridesona2kmtrack.Directionsandopeninghours.LocatedinLavassaare.[Estonian,English]

title:	Estonian Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaam.ee%2F
desc:	InHaapsalu.Includeshistoryofrail,thestoryofthemuseum,andinformationforvisitors.

title:	Estonian War Museum - General Laidoner Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esm.ee%2F
desc:	MuseumaboutthewarsthataffectedEstonia.Exhibitions,collections,yearbooksandbasicinformationaboutthemuseum.[Estonian,English]

title:	Hiiumaa Muuseum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muuseum.hiiumaa.ee%2F
desc:	Shortdescriptionandopenhoursofthebranchesofthemuseumacrosstheisland.[Estonian,English]

title:	Information Center of Estonian Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muuseum.ee%2F
desc:	Includesanindexofmuseums,conservationcentersandheritageinstitutions.Historyofmuseums,forum,museumstaffresources.Requiresflash.[Estonian,English]

title:	Mahtra Peasantry Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mahtramuuseum.ee%2F
desc:	CoverstheMahtraWarin1858andlifeof19thcenturyEstonianpeasants.Includestheonlypreservedpeasanttaverninthecountry.LocatedinJuuru.[Estonian,English]

title:	Muhu Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEstonia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muhumuuseum.ee%2F
desc:	KoguvaVillage.Farmbuildingsandequipment,textiles,aformervillageschool,andthebirthplaceofwriterJuhanSmuul.[Estonian,English,Russian,Finnish]

title:	Museum of Danish America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FDenmark%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.danishmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ThemissionistotellthestoryofDanishimmigrantsandtheDanishAmericanexperience.

title:	Australian Narrow Gauge Railway Museum Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angrms.org.au%2F
desc:	Largecollectionof2ftgaugesteam,dieselandpetrollocomotives.Siteincludescollectioninformationonline.

title:	Australian Railway Historical Society Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arhsvic.org.au%2F
desc:	Generalinformationandphotos.LocatedinNorthWilliamstown.

title:	Canberra Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcanberrarailwaymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Openinginformation,exhibits,ticketprices,andphotos.LocatedinKingston,Australia.

title:	Dorrigo Steam Railway and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dsrm.org.au%2F
desc:	AsteamrailwayandmuseumlocatedinDorrigo,NewSouthWales,Australia.

title:	Illawarra Light Railway Museum Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilrms.com.au%2F
desc:	Location,exhibitswithphotosandinformation,displays,andevents.LocatedinAustralia.

title:	National Railway Museum Port Adelaide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.natrailmuseum.org.au%2F
desc:	HomeofAustralia'sNationalcollection,includingthefamousTeaandSugartrain.

title:	Tasmanian Transport Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.railtasmania.com%2Fttms%2F
desc:	TransportMuseuminHobart,Tasmania,Australiawhichhousesrailwayartifacts.Includesmuseumdetailsandexhibitslist.

title:	Trainworks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainworks.com.au%2F
desc:	Over125railwayexhibitsrepresentingthedevelopmentoftheNSWrailwaysfromthelate1800stopresentday.LocatedinThirlmere,Australia.

title:	Valley Heights Locomotive Depot Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Finfobluemountains.net.au%2Flocodepot%2F
desc:	Historicrailwayroundhouseandyardsfeaturessteamandelectriclocomotives,rollingstock,andsteamtrams.LocatedinBlueMountains,Australia.

title:	Australian Museum Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Faustralianmuseum.net.au%2F
desc:	Includessectionsonresearchandcollections,features,up-comingevents,andstoriesusinginteractivemaps,photosandinformation.

title:	Nature's Powerhouse: Cooktown Botanic Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naturespowerhouse.com.au%2F
desc:	EnvironmentalInterpretiveCentrelocated,inCooktownBotanicGardens,withdisplaysofpaintingsbyVeraScarth-Johnson,wildlifeexhibitions,hyperrealityimagesandacafe.Queensland,Australia.

title:	Autoworld in Brussels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autoworld.be%2F
desc:	Theautomotivemuseum:history,educativeactivities,information,virtualtour.

title:	Jewish Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.new.mjb-jmb.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitions,acquisitions,genealogy,andevents.

title:	Museum Dhondt-Dhaenens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumdd.be%2F
desc:	Programmeandpracticalinformationontemporaryexhibitions.

title:	Museum Louvain-la-Neuve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muse.ucl.ac.be%2F
desc:	UniversitymuseumofLouvain-la-Neuve.

title:	Paul Delvaux Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delvauxmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Aboutthelatesurrealistpainter,hisworksandthemuseuminSt-Idesbald,Koksijde,West-Vlaanderen,Flanders.

title:	PhotoMuseum Province of Antwerp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fotomuseum.be%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,anoverviewofeventsanddetails.

title:	Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.naturalsciences.be%2F
desc:	PreservationandstudyofthenaturalhistoricalStatecollections;alsodealingwiththelibrary,themuseum,andtemporaryexhibitions.

title:	Royal Museum for Central Africa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.africamuseum.be%2F
desc:	Worldfamouscollectionsofgeology,zoology,culturalanthropology,andhistoryofCentralAfrica.Dutch,French,English,andGermanversions.

title:	Stampe & Vertongen Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stampe.be%2F
desc:	HistoricalaircraftmuseuminAntwerp.

title:	Tramway Museum of Thuin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FBelgium%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7EPdussart%2Fasvi.html
desc:	ItincludesadozenoftramwaysfromthevicinalnetworkoftheSNCVNMVBanditstilloperatesalineeveryweekendfromJune1untilNovember1.ChoosetheEnglishversion.

title:	Australian National Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anmm.gov.au%2F
desc:	Featureshistoricvesselsandmigrantships.Alsooffersresearchfacilityforgenealogy,maritimeresearch,artsandculture.

title:	Bass Strait Maritime Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbassstraitmaritimecentre.com.au%2F
desc:	Themuseumdisplaysdetailedmodels,maritimepaintings,andanextensivephotographiccollection.LocatedinDevonport,Tasmania.

title:	Geelong Naval and Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zades.com.au%2Fgeelong%2Fmaritime.html
desc:	Displaysofrelicsfromshipwrecks,modelships,books,navigationalinstrumentsandotherequipment.

title:	Maritime Museum of Tasmania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritimetas.org%2F
desc:	Collectionincludesartifacts,tools,equipmentandover10,000photographsandpaintingsrepresentingcolonialsailtraders,whaleboats,warships,ketches,riversteamersandmoderncatamarans.Includeshours,educationalresourcesandlocation.

title:	New Zealand Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritimemuseum.co.nz%2F
desc:	Exhibitiongalleriesinclude14themedgalleries,atemporaryexhibitiongallery,andanartgalleryspecializinginmaritimeart.LocatedinAuckland.

title:	Queensland Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritimemuseum.com.au%2F
desc:	LocatedinBrisbane,theQMMishometotheS.S.ForcefulandH.M.A.S.Diamantina.Onlineinformationspecialeventsandmaritimehistory.

title:	South Australian Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaritime.history.sa.gov.au%2F
desc:	Featurescollections,exhibitions,vessels,andalighthouse.LocatedinPortAdelaide.

title:	Sydney Heritage Fleet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shf.org.au%2F
desc:	Maritimemuseumandhomeofthe1874windjammerJamesCraig,withanlibraryanda25,000itemphotographiccollection.Featuresvirtualtours,membershipdetails,volunteerism,andcontactdetails.

title:	Wallaroo Heritage and Nautical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationaltrust.org.au%2Fsa%2Fwallaroo-heritage-and-nautical-museum
desc:	Featuresover1,500exhibitsofmaps,charts,photographs,shipmodels,relics,videosandoldrecordbooks.Includeshours,admissionfeesandphotos.LocatedinSouthAustralia.

title:	Western Australian Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.wa.gov.au%2F
desc:	Amaritimearchaeologyandshipwrecksmuseum.

title:	Army Museum Waiouru 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.armymuseum.co.nz%2F
desc:	NewZealandmilitaryhistoryandarmyWarmuseum.Exhibitions,galleries,researchandeducationalfacilities,news,andgiftshop.

title:	Marianas Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guam.net%2Fpub%2Fmilmuseum%2Fdisplays.htm
desc:	DisplaysfromGuam'sinvolvementaspartofWorldwarIIinthepacific.

title:	PNG War Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificwrecks.com%2Frestore%2Fpng%2Fmuseum.html
desc:	AssiststopreserveandprotectPapuaNewGuinea'suniquecultural,national&contemporaryheritage.

title:	War Memorial - Auckland Museum NZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aucklandmuseum.com%2Fwar-memorial
desc:	AucklandWarMemorialMuseumisbothamuseumandasiteofcommemorationforNewZealanderslostatwar.

title:	Hop Museum, Zatec 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FCzech_Republic%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beers.cz%2Fhopmuseum%2F
desc:	ExhibitionsaboutdevelopmentofhopsbreedingfromMiddleAgestothe20thcentury.

title:	The Hussite Museum in Tabor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FCzech_Republic%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.husitskemuzeum.cz%2F
desc:	OffersthreepermanentexhibitionsinTabor,threeinSobeslavandtwoinVeselinadLuznici.Containsdetailsofvisitstohistoricalbuildingsintheselocalities,temporaryexhibitions,andcollections,pluscontactdetailsandalistofservicesoffered.

title:	The Jewish Museum in Prague 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FCzech_Republic%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jewishmuseum.cz%2F
desc:	PreservesvaluableartifactsfromthePraguesynagogues.Includingdetailsonexhibitionsandeducationalactivities.

title:	The Moravian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FCzech_Republic%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mzm.cz%2F
desc:	Scientificanddocumentationwork,withdetailsontemporaryexhibitionsandlectures.LocatedinBrno.[Czech,English,German,French]

title:	Museum of Puppets in Chrudim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FCzech_Republic%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.puppets.cz%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,openingtimes,informationonpermanentexhibitions,detailsoftours,anddirectsion,descriptionsofthegallery,library,puppetplayroom,andshop.

title:	South Moravian Muzeum in Znojmo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FCzech_Republic%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.znojmuz.cz%2F
desc:	LeadingculturalinstitutionintheZnojmoregion.InformationonRomanesquerotunda,Minoritemonastery,Znojmocastle,HouseofartandProkopDivismemorial.

title:	Technical museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FCzech_Republic%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tatramuseum.cz%2F
desc:	Exhibitioncomposedfromproductsoflocalfactory,whichproducedearthenwareandartisticceramics,andcarsfromTatraKoprivnicefactory.

title:	Art Gallery of Ballarat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artgalleryofballarat.com.au%2F
desc:	AcollectionofAustralianartcoveringtheperiodfromearliestEuropeancontactinthelate18thcenturytocutting-edgecontemporaryart.Ballarat,Victoria,Australia.

title:	Artspace Mackay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artspacemackay.com.au%2F
desc:	RegionalpublicartgalleryandmuseumoperatedbytheMackayCityCouncil.Includesdetailsofitshistory,thebuilding,astaffdirectory,programs,workshops,hours,anddirections.LocatedinQueensland,Australia.

title:	Museum of Contemporary Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mca.com.au%2F
desc:	LocatedinSydney,themuseumcontainsAustralianandinternationalcontemporaryartexhibits,includingancollectionofAboriginalArt.

title:	National Gallery of Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nga.gov.au%2F
desc:	Over90,000worksofartacrossfourmainareas:Australianart,AboriginalandTorresStraitIslanderart,InternationalartandAsianart.LocatedinCanberra.

title:	National Gallery of Victoria 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ngv.vic.gov.au%2F
desc:	Publicartmuseumwithacollectionofover70,000works.Melbourne,Victoria,Australia.

title:	Powerhouse Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaas.museum%2Fpowerhouse-museum%2F
desc:	Australianpublicmuseumfeaturingexhibitions,programsandresearchspanningthefieldsofscience,technology,industry,design,decorativeartsandsocialhistory.LocatedinSydney.

title:	Te Papa Tongarewa, Museum of New Zealand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FNew_Zealand%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tepapa.govt.nz%2F
desc:	TePapatakesyouinsidetheNewZealandexperience.PermanentExhibitsinclude:TeMarae-thevibrancyofMaoriculturebroughtcloseinthislivingmarae;theTime-Warp-virtualrealitythrills;BushCity-living,growing,changingoutdoorexhibitionofthewondersofthenaturalworld;andDiscoveryCentres-hands-on,interactivespaces.

title:	New Zealand Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FNew_Zealand%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nzmuseums.co.nz%2F
desc:	OnlineguidetoartgalleriesandmuseumsinAotearoaNewZealand.

title:	New Zealand National Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FNew_Zealand%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritimemuseum.co.nz%2F
desc:	Maritimehistoryincludingdetailsofhistoricsailingvesselsandsteamships.Passengerlists,detailsofprogramsandcollections,andproductsavailable.

title:	Russell Museum | Te Whare Taonga o Kororareka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FNew_Zealand%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.russellmuseum.org.nz%2F
desc:	DisplaysincludeearlyMaoriartifacts,EuropeansettlersincludingmodelofCooksshipEndeavour,whaling,earlyBayofIslandstourism,ZaneGreyandgamefishing.

title:	Warbirds and Wheels, Wanaka NZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FNew_Zealand%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwarbirdsandwheels.com%2F
desc:	Classiccarandwarbirdmuseum,1950'sRetroDiner,historyoflocallegendSirTimWallisandNZartcollection.

title:	Art and Exhibition Hall of the Federal Republic of Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FEurope%2FGermany&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bundeskunsthalle.de%2F
desc:	Exhibitions,congresses,musicalevents,filmpresentationsandlecturestakeplacehere.

title:	Gutenberg Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FEurope%2FGermany&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gutenberg-museum.de%2F
desc:	Museumoftheartandhistoryofprinting.InGermanwithsomeEnglishtranslation.

title:	Iziko South African Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FAfrica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rapidttp.co.za%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Featuresalargecollectionofshipmodelsconsistingofbuilders'models,prisonerofwarmodels,andexhibitsbylocalmodelbuilders.Includesarticles,photos,researchlibraryandcontactdetails.

title:	Simon's Town Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FAfrica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.simonstown.com%2Fmuseum%2Fstm.htm
desc:	CollectsandexhibitstheculturalhistoryofthepeopleandconnectionswiththeDutchEastIndiaCompanyandtheRoyalNavy.LocatedinSouthAfrica.

title:	Deutsches Schifffahrtsmuseum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FEurope%2FGermany&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fodors.com%2Fworld%2Feurope%2Fgermany%2Fthe-fairy-tale-road%2Freview-455028.html
desc:	Fodor'sbriefdescriptionoftheBremerhavenmuseumandhours,withlinktotheofficialsitethatisinGermanlanguageonly.

title:	Art Library, Berlin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FStates%2FBerlin%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smb.museum%2Fmuseen-und-einrichtungen%2Fkunstbibliothek%2Fhome.html
desc:	Foundedin1867,theArtLibraryranksamongEurope'sleadinginstitutionsspecializinginliteratureconcerningthehistoryofart,graphicdesign,andprinting.Permanentspecialexhibitionsopentothepublic.

title:	Bauhaus Archive: Museum of Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FStates%2FBerlin%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bauhaus.de%2F
desc:	TheBauhaus-ArchiveBerlinresearches,documentsandpresentsthehistoryoftheBauhausschool(1919-1933).Informationonbuilding,collectionsandtheoriginalBauhaus.

title:	Berlin State Gallery - Berlinische Galerie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FStates%2FBerlin%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berlinischegalerie.de%2Findex.php%3Fid%3D270%26L%3D1
desc:	TheBerlinischeGalerieistheStateofBerlin'spermanentcollectionofart,photographyandarchitecture.LocatednearthenewJewishMuseum,theGallerydisplaysworksofartfromDix,Kirchner,Grosz,Ury,BaselitzaswellascollectionsofphotographerssuchasErichSalomonandHeinrichZille.GrowingEnglish-languagewebsite

title:	Bulawayo Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FAfrica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geoffs-trains.com%2FMuseum%2FMuseumhome.html
desc:	OwnedbytheNationalRailwaysofZimbabweanddisplaysacollectionoflocomotivesandcoaches.Includestherailway'shistory,detailsofexhibits,anewsletter,andthelocation.

title:	The Egyptian Rail Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FAfrica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.touregypt.net%2Ffeaturestories%2Ftrainmuseum.htm
desc:	UnofficialguidetotheCairoRailMuseum,withabriefhistoryofthenetworkandphotos.[Egypt]

title:	Nairobi Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FAfrica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greywall.demon.co.uk%2Frail%2FKenya%2Fnrm.html
desc:	Unofficialpageonthemuseumatthenorth-westendofNairobistation.Photographs,visitorinformation,historyoftherailwaysinEastAfricaandbibliography.

title:	TransNamib Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FAfrica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.namibweb.com%2Frailmuseum.htm
desc:	LocatedinWindhoekrailwaystationbuilding.Theexhibitionconsistsofwiderangeofrailwayequipment,mapsandrelateditemsdatebacktoGermancolonialtimesandSouthAfricanadministration.

title:	The Hong Kong Museum of Medical Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkmms.org.hk%2F
desc:	LocatedinEdwardianperiodbuildingandfeatureshistoricaldevelopmentofmedicinein11exhibitiongalleries.Includeshours,admissionratesandlocationmap.[ChineseandEnglish]

title:	Museum of Traditional Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harikyumuseum.com%2F
desc:	Featuresacollectionofhistoricalmaterialsoftraditionalmedicineincludingacupuncture,Chineseherbalsandmoxibustion.Includeshoursanddirections.Freeadmission.LocatedinOsaka,Japan.[EnglishandJapanese].

title:	C.Y.Tung Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcytungmaritimemuseum.com%2F
desc:	CoveringChinesemaritimehistorysincetheNeolithicperiodandC.Y.Tung'slife.Includesdetailsoffacilities,photos,rulesandregulations,directionsandcontacts.LocatedinJiaoTongUniversity,Shanghai.

title:	Macau Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumaritimo.gov.mo%2Findex_e.html
desc:	Featuresanethnologyexhibition,history,technology,andanaquarium.

title:	NYK Maritime Museum and NYK Hikawamaru 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyk.com%2Frekishi%2F
desc:	Visitorinformationandexhibits.LocatedinYokohama,Kanagawa,Japan.

title:	Ashburton Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ashburtonmuseum.co.nz%2F
desc:	DedicatedtohehistoryandheritageoftheAshburtonDistrict.

title:	Auckland Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aucklandmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Featurescollectionsofnatural,social,militaryhistoryandculturerelatedtoNewZealandandtheSouthPacific.Includesupcomingevents,memberships,volunteerism,hours,admissionrates,anddirections.

title:	Belfast District Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.belfastdistrictmuseum.co.nz%2F
desc:	TheMuseumhousesobjectsfromthehistoryoftheBelfastdistrict.Publicationsandalargecollectionofphotographs.Copiesavailable.

title:	Cambridge Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcambridgemuseum.org.nz%2F
desc:	Collectionofartifacts,photographsandarchivesrelatingtothehistoryofCambridge,itsdistrictsandpeople.Availableforgeneralorfamilyresearch.NewZealand.

title:	Fell Locomotive Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fellmuseum.org.nz%2F
desc:	HousesH199,oneofsixenginesdesignedforuseonNewZealand'sfamousRimutakaInclineandtheonlylocomotiveofitstypeintheworld.

title:	Helensville Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helensvillemuseum.org.nz%2F
desc:	Historicandnewpurpose-builtbuildingssituatedontheRiverReserve,MillRoadatthesouthernentrancetothetown.HelensvilleandDistrictHistoricalSociety(Inc).

title:	Landsborough Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.landsboroughmuseum.org.au%2F
desc:	Includesover10,000itemsinitscollectionandspecializesinthesocialandculturalhistoryoftheSunshineCoast,Queensland,Australia.

title:	The Living History of Rotorua 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Frotoruaheritage.co.nz%2F
desc:	Settlersandsteammuseum.Rotorua,NewZealand

title:	Marlborough Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marlboroughmuseum.co.nz%2F
desc:	ProvincialmuseumcomplexatBrayshawParkhousesarangeofartifacts,images,documentsanddisplaysrelatingtolocalhistory.

title:	Mercury Bay Musem 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mercurybaymuseum.co.nz%2F
desc:	OppositetheWhitiangawharf.Ahistoryoffishing.

title:	Morrinsville Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morrinsvilleheritagecentre.org.nz%2F
desc:	FeaturesofthemuseumincludetheMcDonaldcottage,displaysofMaoritools,schoolitems,childhoodtoysanddairyfarmitems.Forum,books,photographiclist,productspageandhistory.

title:	Museum of Transport & Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motat.org.nz%2F
desc:	Profile,exhibits,openingtimesandprices.

title:	National Museum of Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nma.gov.au%2F
desc:	Featuringthreethemes:Australiansocietyandhistory;AboriginalAustralia;and,people'sinteractionwiththeenvironment.LocatedinCanberra.

title:	Papakura Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.papakuramuseum.org.nz%2F
desc:	Historicalsociety,exhibitionsandevents.NewZealand.

title:	Pleasant Point Museum and Railway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pleasantpointrail.org.nz%2F
desc:	FullyrestoredsteamtrainsrunbetweenPleasantPointKeanesCrossing.

title:	Police Station and Old Courthouse Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strathmuseum.org.au%2F
desc:	Locatedintheformerpolicestation(1858)andcourthouse(1867)inthetownshipofStrathalbyn,SouthAustraliathatfocusesuponthelivesoftheoriginalinhabitantsandsettlerswhofirstcametothedistrict.

title:	Silverdale Pioneer Village and Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.silverdalemuseum.org.nz%2F
desc:	Displayofbuildingsfromthe1860stothe1930sandheritagehouses.OperatedbytheSilverdaleandDistrictsHistoricalSocietyInc.

title:	Sydney Jewish Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sydneyjewishmuseum.com.au%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthemuseum,exhibitions,visitorinformationandeducationresources.FocusesontheholocaustandAustralianJewishhistory.

title:	Tairawhiti Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tairawhitimuseum.org.nz%2F
desc:	Agateway/waharoaandresourcefortheart,culture,heritageandthestoriesofTeTairawhiti.NZ.

title:	Tea Tree Gully Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ttgmuseum.on.net%2F
desc:	TheHighercombeHotelshowcasesthehistoryoftheTeaTreeGullyareainSouthAustralia.

title:	National Palace Museum, Taipei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npm.gov.tw%2F
desc:	ExhibitsafinecollectionofAsianartincludingbronzes,lacquerware,textilesandreligiousartifacts.Onlineexhibitincludesselectedworkswithexplanatorytext.

title:	Royal Thai Air Force Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpeterlewisdesign.tripod.com%2Fthaimuseum%2F
desc:	Anunofficialsitewithphotographicandresearchcoverageoftheaircraftondisplay.Somearequiteinteresting.Locatedat171PaholyothinRoad,DonMuang,Bangkok,Thailand.

title:	Hasta Shilpa Heritage Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiaheritagevillage.org%2F
desc:	Amulti-dimensionalculturalprojecttorestoreandconservethenation'sculturalwealth,intheformoftraditionalbuildingsandobjectsofarts,craftandotherartifactsofaestheticinterest.LocatedinManipal,Karnataka.

title:	Jose P. Laurel Memorial Foundation, Library and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freewebs.com%2Ffoundationproject08%2F
desc:	ArchivesofthelateleaderofthePhilippinesduringWWII(1936-1945),locatedinManila.Includeshisbiography,photocollectionsandhisphilosophy.

title:	Museum of History of Moscow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.ru%2Fmoscow%2Fmainengl.htm
desc:	DisplaysMoscow'shistoryfromantiquitytothepresent.Includesanarchaeologycollection,collectionofimitativeartsmaterials,photographic,documentary,numismatics,porcelainanddecorativeobjectcollections.

title:	The Museum of Macau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macaumuseum.gov.mo%2F
desc:	Apromotionofthehistory,traditionsanddiverseculturesthroughdisplays,exhibitions,andinnovativeeducationalplanning.

title:	Singapore History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalmuseum.sg%2F
desc:	Bringinghistorytoallthroughexhibitsanddisplays,alecturetheatre,andaneducationandresourcecentre.

title:	Sulabh International Museum of Toilets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sulabhtoiletmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Ararecollectionoffacts,picturesandobjectsdetailingthehistoricevolutionoftoiletsfrom2,500B.C.todate.

title:	Hanoi Museum of Fine Arts Ethnology Exhibits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibiblio.org%2Fvietnam%2Fexhibit%2Fexhibit.html
desc:	Photosoftheexhibitincludesclothingandotherculturaldisplays.LocatedinVietnam.

title:	Macao Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mam.gov.mo%2F
desc:	Sponsorsexhibitionsofculturalrelics.Currentandpreviousexhibitionsareshownanddescribed.[Chinese,Portuguese,andEnglish]

title:	National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mmca.go.kr%2F
desc:	Paintings,porcelain,andmetalworkwithmanyitemsdisplayedonline.LocatedinGyeonggi-doandSeoul,Korea.[English,Korean,Chinese,Japanese]

title:	National Palace Museum, Taipei 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npm.gov.tw%2Fen%2F
desc:	ExhibitsafinecollectionofAsianartincludingbronzes,lacquerware,textilesandreligiousartifacts.Onlineexhibitincludesselectedworkswithexplanatorytext.LocatedinTaiwan.

title:	Rama IX Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rama9art.org%2F
desc:	Bangkok,Thailandmuseumofcontemporaryandmodernart.Featuresnumerousartists'homepages,updatedartexhibitions,galleries,andnews.

title:	Singapore Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.singart.com%2F
desc:	Featuresthenationalcollectionof20thcenturyart.Sitecontainsinformationonthemuseum'sexhibitions,highlights,andcalendarofevents.

title:	Art Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artforum.com.sg%2F
desc:	Featuresexhibitionlistingandartistprofilesofartistsfromtheregion.Hassmallphotogallery.

title:	The Art of Marcus Lim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marcuslim.com%2F
desc:	Localcontemporaryoilpaintingartist.Sitehasgallery,paintingsforsaleandcontactinformation.

title:	Biotechnics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biotechnics.org%2F
desc:	AshowcaseofworksbylocalartistChngNaiWee,focusingonthemedicineandtechnology.Hasworksgallery,andpastandongoingprojects.

title:	Bravacic, Milica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmilica.info%2F
desc:	ArtistandeducatorspecializedinpreparatorycoursesforArtSchoolsandindividualmasterartclasses.

title:	Heiko and Selina Niedermeyer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heikoselina.com%2F
desc:	Artistandcouplewhopaintandcollaborateononeandthesamecanvasandwallmurals.Featuresworksgalleryandpricelisting.

title:	Indigo Blue Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indigoblueart.com%2F
desc:	GallerysellingcontemporaryIndianart.Featuresexhibitionlistingandartistprofilesandartworks.

title:	Lok Kerk Hwang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.watercolour.net%2F
desc:	Watercolourgallery.Providesartist'sbiography,awardsandexhibitions.

title:	Milenko Prvacki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmilenko.prvacki.com%2F
desc:	ContemporaryartistbasedinSingapore.Paintings,sculptures,mosaics.

title:	Moleculux 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moleculux.com%2F
desc:	ViewChngNaiWee'sshowattheSculptureSquare.

title:	Opera Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.operagallery.com%2F
desc:	Gallery'shomepagefeaturingarangeofWesternandAsianartworks.

title:	Portrait Workshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.portraitworkshop.com%2F
desc:	TheartistChongJitLeongoffersportraitsandcaricatures.Biographyandgalleryofexamples.

title:	Ramsey, Jeremy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artjeremyramsey.com%2F
desc:	AshowcaseofworkspaintedbythisSingaporebasedartist.

title:	Shergillstudio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shergillstudio.com%2F
desc:	Informationontheartist,workshopsandexhibitions.

title:	Sherry Giang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSingapore%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArtists_and_Galleries&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sherrygiang.com%2F
desc:	Paintingsandwritingsinspiredbynature,love,thewritingsofRumi,Tagoreandtheartist'spersonaltravelsandjourneysintodreamtime,otherculturesandlands.

title:	Western Australian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FAustralia%2FWestern_Australia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.wa.gov.au%2F
desc:	Onlinedetailsofexhibitions,contactinformationandstreetaddressesmuseumsthroughouttheState.

title:	The Western Australian Museum - Maritime 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FAustralia%2FWestern_Australia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.wa.gov.au%2Foursites%2Fmaritime%2Fmaritime.asp
desc:	Includesvariousdatabases,informationaboutthebuildingandcontactdetails.

title:	Melbourne Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FAustralia%2FVictoria%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumvictoria.com.au%2FMelbourneMuseum%2F
desc:	PublicmuseumlocatednexttotheRoyalExhibitionBuilding.Exhibitionsandvenueinformation.

title:	Museum Victoria 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FAustralia%2FVictoria%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumvictoria.com.au%2F
desc:	PublicmuseumsorganisationoperatesMelbourneMuseum,ScienceworksMuseum,MelbournePlanetariumandtheImmigrationMuseum.Findoutaboutupcomingeventsandlearnaboutcurrentcollections.

title:	Museum Victoria : Phar Lap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FAustralia%2FVictoria%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumvictoria.com.au%2Fpharlap%2F
desc:	AnAustraliannationalicon,oneofthegreatestracehorsesevertorunintheMelbourneCup.Exhibitinformationincludeshorseprofile,racehistories,andargumentsregardingtheracehorsesdeath.

title:	Jorge B. Vargas Museum and Filipiniana Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvargasmuseum.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	LocatedattheuniversityofthePhilippinescontainingartworks,archivedmaterials,andmemorabilia.

title:	Lydia Aznar-Alfonso Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cebu-online.com%2Fswum%2Fhtml%2Fextant_culture.html
desc:	IgorotexhibitsattheSouthwesternUniversityMuseum.

title:	Museo Pambata 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museopambata.org%2F
desc:	Featuresnews,events,interactiveexhibitsandotherinformationabouttheMuseoPambata(Children'sMuseum)inthePhilippines.

title:	National Museum of the Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalmuseum.gov.ph%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithitsdivisions,collections,servicesofferedandcontactinformation.

title:	Philippine Science Heritage Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FPhilippines%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmt%2Fsalinlahi%2Findex.html
desc:	SciencemuseumthathighlightsPhilippinecontributionsinscienceandtechnology.

title:	Department of Museums and Antiquities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FMalaysia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jmm.gov.my%2F
desc:	Providesvirtualandpicturegalleryviewsofmuseumsunderitspurviewnation-wide.Includesfee,contactsandtransportationinformation.

title:	Australian Museum Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FAustralia%2FNew_South_Wales%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Faustralianmuseum.net.au%2F
desc:	Includessectionsonresearchandcollections,features,up-comingevents,andstoriesusinginteractivemaps,photosandinformation.

title:	Sydney Living Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FAustralia%2FNew_South_Wales%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsydneylivingmuseums.com.au%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthemuseums,exhibitionsandspecialeventsprogram.

title:	Central Armed Forces Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmaf.ru%2F
desc:	HistoryofRussianImperial/Red/SovietArmy.Collectionsandexhibitions,visitorinformation.

title:	Military-Historical Museum of Armored Vehicles and Equipment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tankmuseum.ru%2F
desc:	CollectionofGerman,Soviet,Japantanksandassaultguns.Visualtourofthemuseum,visitorinformation.

title:	Air Force Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Findianairforce.nic.in%2Fshow_page.php%3Fpg_id%3D49
desc:	DetailsthehistoryofIndianAirForce.Highlightsonthecollectedmemorabiliaandhowtoreach.

title:	Indian Museum, Kolkata 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Findianmuseumkolkata.org%2F
desc:	Includeshistoryofthebuildinganddetailsofartcollection.Dividedintosixsectionsdealingwitharchaeology,art,anthropology,geology,zoologyandindustry.LocatedinCalcutta.

title:	Joshi's Museum of Miniature Railways 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fminirailways.tripod.com%2F
desc:	HOgaugecitywithlightingandsound,intheKothrud,Pune.

title:	Museums of Archaeological Survey of India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fasi.nic.in%2Fasi_museums.asp
desc:	ListofmuseumsmaintainedbytheASI.Includesmuseumcollection,locations,timingsandcontactpersondetails.

title:	National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnationalcraftsmuseum.nic.in%2F
desc:	LocatedinPragatiMaidan,NewDelhi.Featuresthemuseumcollections,activities,infrastructureandanimagegallery.

title:	RBI Monetary Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rbi.org.in%2Fscripts%2Fic_museum.aspx
desc:	Presentshistoryandexhibitsofcoinage,papercurrency,andfinancialinstrumentsofancientandcontemporaryIndia.

title:	Art Museum, the Chinese University of Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cuhk.edu.hk%2Fics%2Famm%2F
desc:	foundedin1971,itservesbothasateachingmuseumandasacenterforresearchonChineseartandarchaeology.

title:	Hong Kong Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhk.heritage.museum%2F
desc:	Providesexhibitionsonhistory,artandculture.ManagedbytheLeisureandCulturalServicesDepartment.

title:	Hong Kong Museum of Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lcsd.gov.hk%2FCE%2FMuseum%2FArts%2F
desc:	Providesnewsaboutthemuseum'scollections,currentexhibitionsandactivities,publicationsandaneventcalendar.

title:	NewTrons Art Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhkinfo.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Paintings,engravingsandcalligraphybyYCChan.

title:	Para/Site Art Space 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.para-site.org.hk%2F
desc:	Anon-profitartspacerunbyindependentartists.Informationoneventsandthevenue.

title:	University Museum and Art Gallery, The University of Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkumag.hku.hk%2F
desc:	withacollectionofoverathousanditems,allofChineseart,chieflyofbronzes,ceramicsandpaintings.

title:	Historic Naval Ships Association Visitors Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hnsa.org%2F
desc:	Promotesthepreservationandexhibitionofmorethan100navalshipsandcrafthomeportedaroundtheworld.

title:	History of the Brazilian Air Force 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rudnei.cunha.nom.br%2FFAB%2Fen%2F
desc:	Presentshistory,photos,hours,anddirections.LocatedinRiodeJaneiro.

title:	The South African Air Force Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsaafmuseum.org.za%2F
desc:	Providesexhibitionsofaircraftandart.Detailsofevents,currentdisplaysandaircraft.

title:	National Museum of Contemporary Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FSeoul%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moca.go.kr%2F
desc:	Includeslistingsofcurrentexhibits,virtualygallery,collection,children'sartgallery,programs,events,andactivities.LocatedinSeoul.

title:	National Museum of Korea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea%2FSeoul%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.go.kr%2F
desc:	Listingofcurrentexhibits,artifacts,andsocialeducationactivities.

title:	Sergei Paradjanov Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArmenia%2FYerevan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fparajanovmuseum.am%2F
desc:	TheSergejParajanovMuseumisatributetooneofthegreatestfiguresof20th-centuryworldcinema.

title:	Yerevan History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FArmenia%2FYerevan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fyhm.am%2F
desc:	Featuresvisitorinformation,sitemap,exhibitionhallinformation,andvideos.

title:	The Coptic Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEgypt%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coptic-cairo.com%2F
desc:	Informationaboutexhibitionsanddisplays,ChristianityinEgypt,locationandvisitordetails.

title:	The Egyptian Rail Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEgypt%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.touregypt.net%2Ffeaturestories%2Ftrainmuseum.htm
desc:	UnofficialguidetotheEgyptianRailMuseum,withahistoryofthenetworkandphotos.

title:	National Museum of Bermuda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnmb.bm%2F
desc:	Exhibits,generalinformation,FAQs,map,andpublications.

title:	Aichi Prefectural Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-art.aac.pref.aichi.jp%2F
desc:	Housescollectionsillustratingmajorachievementsinpainting,sculpture,andgraphicartsfromthelate19thcenturytothepresent.LocatedinNagoya.

title:	DNP Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dnp.co.jp%2Fgallery%2Fggg_e%2F
desc:	Informationonthreegraphicartsmuseums:theGinzaGraphicGalleryofTokyo,theDDDofOsaka,andtheCenterforContemporaryGraphicArtofFukushima.

title:	Hiroshima Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiroshima-museum.jp%2F
desc:	Mostlypaintings.Frenchpainting,fromtheFrenchImpressioniststothepresent,andJapaneseworksfromtheMeijieratocontemporaryworks.(Eng/Jpn)

title:	Hyogo Prefectural Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artm.pref.hyogo.jp%2F
desc:	20thcenturyart,withanemphasisonworksbyHyogoartists.

title:	Itami City Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artmuseum-itami.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinHyogo.Satireandhumor.Caricatureprints,sculptureandpaintingsbyHonoreDaumier,WilliamHogarth,JamesGillray,GeorgeBigot,JamesEnsor,KatheKollwitz,RaoulDufy,andcontemporaryAmericanandJapaneseartists.EnglishandJapanese.

title:	Kawamura  Memorial  Museum  of  Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkawamura-museum.dic.co.jp%2Fen%2F
desc:	Collectionincludes17thcenturyJapanesescreens,FrenchImpressionists,Kandinsky,andStella'smixedmediaworks.Illustratedsamplesfromthevariouscollections.LocatedinChibaPrefecture.

title:	Kyoto National Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyohaku.go.jp%2F
desc:	Ceramics,sculpture,paintings,calligraphy,andmetalwork.Themasterworkssectioncontainsbothgoodenlargementsandgoodexplanatorytext.

title:	Meguro Museum of Art, Tokyo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mmat.jp%2F
desc:	Internationalcollectionofmodernandcontemporaryart.

title:	Miho Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miho.or.jp%2F
desc:	ShigaPrefecture.HousedinabuildingdesignedbyI.M.Pei,theMihocollectsandexhibitsJapaneseandinternationalart,includingalargecollectionoflacquerware.

title:	Museum of Contemporary Art Tokyo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mot-art-museum.jp%2F
desc:	Openedin1995.Artofthelast50years.Interestingphotosofthebuildingitself;onlyafewpicsfromtheexhibits,andthetextforthoseisJapanese.

title:	The National Museum of Art, Osaka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmao.go.jp%2F
desc:	ExhibitsshowthedevelopmentofJapaneseart,withoutrestrictionoftimeperiodsorregionaldivisions,inrelationtotherestoftheworld.PermanentexhibitsincludefinecollectionofcontemporaryJapaneseart.

title:	Nezu Institute of Fine Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nezu-muse.or.jp%2F
desc:	Includespaintings,calligraphy,sculpture,ceramics,textiles,metal,wood,andBuddhistart.LocatedinTokyo.

title:	NMWA - The National Museum of Western Art (Tokyo) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmwa.go.jp%2F
desc:	Europeanpaintings,sculptures,drawingsandprints,fromthe14ththroughthe20thcenturies.Illustratedsamplesfromthecollections.

title:	Seiji Togo Memorial Sompo Japan Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjnk-museum.org%2F
desc:	Themuseum'scorecollectioniscomprisedoftheworksofSeijiTogo,anotedJapaneseartist.Togodonatedsome200ofhisownworkstothemuseum,alongwithhiscollectionofover250worksbyotherartists.LocatedinTokyo.[English,Japanese]

title:	Setagaya Art Museum (Tokyo) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.setagayaartmuseum.or.jp%2Findex_e.html
desc:	Fromtheprehistorictothecontemporary,withanemphasisonworkswithanelementofnaivete.TheMukaiJunkichiAnnexcelebratesthelifeandworkofa20thcenturypainterwhosemainpassionwasrecordingthethatchedrooffarmhousesofJapan.

title:	Shizuoka Prefectural Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spmoa.shizuoka.shizuoka.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Paintingsandsculptures,EuropeanaswellasJapanese,mostly19thand20thcentury.TheRodinwingcontainspre-andpost-Rodinworks,aswellasamajorcollectionofRodin.

title:	Suntory Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suntory.com%2Fculture-sports%2Fsmt%2F
desc:	Includesgalleryinformation,IMAXtheater,bayareaguide,andmuseumshop.LocatedinOsaka.

title:	The Tokugawa Art Museum (Nagoya) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tokugawa-art-museum.jp%2F
desc:	CollectionbasedonthepersonalholdingsoftheOwaribranchoftheTokugawafamily(furniture,armor,swords,fineart,andtheitemsofdailylife).ArtifactsaredisplayedingallerieswhichreconstructtheiroriginalsettingsinordertoaccordwiththeimportanceofthesenseofplacementinJapaneseaesthetics.

title:	Yamaguchi Prefectural Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pref.yamaguchi.jp%2Fgyosei%2Fcommon-files%2Fsisetu%2Fyamaart%2Fe4yamart.htm
desc:	PaintingsandsculpturesbyartistsoftheYamaguchiarea.

title:	Asuka Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asukanet.gr.jp%2Fasukahome%2F
desc:	HistoryandartofAsuka,thefirstJapanesecapitalin7thcentury.[JapaneseandEnglish].

title:	The Currency Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imes.boj.or.jp%2Fcm%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	Featurescurrency,coins,photographs,mapsandotherhistoricalmaterials.Includeshours,directionsandfreeadmission.LocatedinTokyo.

title:	Bridgestone Museum of Fine Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bridgestone-museum.gr.jp%2Fen%2F
desc:	HousestheBridgestoneTyreCompany'scollection,centeringonFrenchimpressionistart.AlsoexhibitsworksbyJapaneseimpressionists.LocatedinKobayashi,Chuo-ku.

title:	Edo Tokyo Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edo-tokyo-museum.or.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	AimstoofferanenvironmentinwhichtheatmosphereofEdo(oldTokyo)canbeexperienced.Withguidetohours,access,exhibitions,andfloorguide.

title:	Gallery 360 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.360.co.jp%2F
desc:	SmallcontemporaryartspacelocatedinMinami-Aoyama,Minato-ku.Siteprovidesexhibitionandeventschedule,news,andartistbiographies.

title:	Gallery Koyanagi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gallerykoyanagi.com%2F
desc:	SmallgalleryexhibitingphotographyandprintsfromJapaneseandworldartists.LocatedinGinza,Chuo-ku.

title:	Hara Museum of Contemporary Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.haramuseum.or.jp%2F
desc:	PermanentcollectionsholdworksbyJapaneseandforeigncontemporaryartists.LocatedinKita-Shinagawa,Shinagawa-ku.Exhibitionguide,eventschedule,andmembershipinformation.

title:	Idemitsu Museum of Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idemitsu.co.jp%2Fmuseum%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	DisplaysthecollectionofSazoIdemitsu.MainlyJapaneseartwithsomeChinese,Korean,andWesternpieces.LocatedinMarunouchi,Chiyoda-ku.

title:	Katsushika City Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.city.katsushika.lg.jp%2F
desc:	Featureslocalhistoryandastronomy.Includeshours,calendarofevents,links,photos,admissionfeesanddirections.LocatedinKatsushika-ku,Tokyo.

title:	Laforet Art and Planning Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lapnet.jp%2F
desc:	AvarietyofexhibitsincontemporaryartspacesinJingumae(Shibuya-ku),Roppongi,andHarajuku.SitemostlyinJapanesewithsomeEnglish-languagenavigation.

title:	Marunouchi Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marunouchigallery.com%2F
desc:	SmallgalleryinMarunouchi,Chiyoda-ku.

title:	Mitsuo Aida Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mitsuo.co.jp%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothe20thcenturyauthorandpoet.Withadmissionsandparkinginformation,tickets,andhoursopen.LocatedinGinza.

title:	Mizuma Art Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmizuma-art.co.jp%2F
desc:	Withgalleryinformation,currentexhibitions,artists,andarchive.LocatednearAoyamaGakuinUniversity.

title:	Museum of Contemporary Art Tokyo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mot-art-museum.jp%2F
desc:	FeaturesinternationalandJapanesecontemporaryartcreatedsince1945.Alsohousesacontemporaryartlibrary.

title:	The National Art Center, Tokyo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nact.jp%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	GuidetothefacilitiesatNACTinNogizaka.

title:	The National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.momat.go.jp%2F
desc:	Japan'sfirstnationalartmuseumwithworksofart,crafts,film,andrelatedmaterials;plussurveysandresearch,andpublicexhibitionsandscreenings.

title:	The National Museum of Western Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmwa.go.jp%2F
desc:	ExhibitsEuropeanpaintings,sculptures,drawings,andprintsfromthe14ththroughthe20thcenturies.Sitefeaturesillustratedsamplesfromthecollections.LocatedingTaito-ku.

title:	National Science Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kahaku.go.jp%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonevents,exhibits,education,research,databases,andmuseumshop.LocatedinUenoPark,Tokyo.

title:	Nezu Institute of Fine Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nezu-muse.or.jp%2F
desc:	Includespaintings,calligraphy,sculpture,ceramics,textiles,metal,wood,andBuddhistart.LocatedinTokyo.

title:	Nishimura Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nishimura-gallery.com%2F
desc:	SmallgalleryinNihonbashi,Chuo-ku.Sitefeaturesinformationaboutcurrentandpastexhibitionsaswellasartistbiographies.[English/Japanese]

title:	Ota Memorial Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukiyoe-ota-muse.jp%2F
desc:	Displaysukiyo-eprintsandpaintingsfromOtaSeizo'scollectionofover12,000pieces.Exhibitionschedule,admissionfeesandhours,andmapanddirections.[English/Japanese]

title:	Paper Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.papermuseum.jp%2Fen%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopreservingthetraditionsandwaysofmakingthehandmadeJapanesepaperandtotrainingsuccessorstocontinuethecraft.Includescollectiondetails,hours,admissionfees,events,anddirections.LocatedinKita-Ku,Tokyo.

title:	Paul Smith Art Space 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paulsmith.co.jp%2F
desc:	SmallgalleryfeaturingartbyPaulSmith.LocatedinJingumae,Shibuya-ku.

title:	Pola Museum Annex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.po-holdings.co.jp%2Fm-annex%2F
desc:	ContemporaryartmuseuminGinza,Chuo-ku.Facilitiesincludetwocafes.SitemostlyinJapanesewithsomeEnglish-languagenavigation.

title:	Promo-Arte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.promo-arte.com%2F
desc:	GalleryinJapanspecializinginLatinAmericanartandtoofferexclusiverepresentationforitsartists.LocatedinOmotesando.SpecializinginLatinAmericanart.Includesupcomingexhibitsandartistprofiles.[English/Japanese]

title:	Scai the Bathhouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scaithebathhouse.com%2F
desc:	RemodeledpublicbathhouseexhibitingcontemporaryartworkinthehistoricYanakaneighborhoodofTaito-ku.Includesinformationoncurrentartistsandexhibitions,sponsoredprojects,andgalleryaccessandhours.[Japanese/English]

title:	Seiji Togo Memorial Sompo Japan Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjnk-museum.org%2F
desc:	Themuseum'scorecollectioniscomprisedoftheworksofSeijiTogo,anotedJapaneseartist.Togodonatedsome200ofhisownworkstothemuseum,alongwithhiscollectionofover250worksbyotherJapaneseandforeignartists.

title:	Setagaya Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.setagayaartmuseum.or.jp%2Findex_e.html
desc:	Hostsexhibitionsrangingfromprehistorictocontemporaryart.AlsohighlightsworksbyartistsfromTokyo'sSetagayaarea.LocatedinKinuta-koen,Setagaya-ku.

title:	Tokyo Metropolitan Museum of Photography 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.syabi.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinMeguro-ku.Featuresoverview,guidetocurrentexhibitions,workshops,andgalleries.

title:	Tokyo National Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tnm.jp%2F
desc:	Givesmuseumguide,history,currentexhibitsandevents.LocatedinUeno,Tokyo.

title:	Tokyo Station Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ejrcf.or.jp%2Fgallery%2F
desc:	Withlistingofcurrentexhibits,hoursandadmissions,localculturalactivitiesandresearch,andonlinegalleries.

title:	Tokyo University Digital Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.um.u-tokyo.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Engagedinthelong-termpreservationofcollectedresearchmaterialsthroughdigitalarchiving,withover26,000objectsand170GBofdatastored.

title:	The Tolman Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tolmantokyo.com%2F
desc:	TokyopublisherofcontemporaryJapanesegraphicart.Theyhavelimitededitionlithographs,woodblockprints,silkscreens,andetchings,aswellasbooksabouttheircollection.Displaysartistportfoliosandstreetmap.

title:	University Art Museum - Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geidai.ac.jp%2Fmuseum%2Fnews%2Fnews_en.htm
desc:	Holdsabout28000piecesbasedonJapanesemodernartincludingartworksofformerteachersandstudents.Informationonthemuseum'sschedule,admissions,majorexhibitions,andsculptures.

title:	Wada Fine Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wadafinearts.com%2F
desc:	SmallcontemporaryartspaceinTsukiji,Chuo-ku.Providesinformationoncurrentartistsandexhibits,gallerynews,andJapanese-languageweblog.[English/Japanese]

title:	Yamatane Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FTokyo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamatane-museum.or.jp%2F
desc:	Features7-8exhibitionsannually,mainlyfocusingonmodernJapanesepaintingscreatedaftertheMeijiera.TheMuseumalsohascollectionsofoilpaintings,Ukiyoe,JapaneseCalligraphyandJapaneseteaceremonysets.LocatedinSanbancho,Chiyoda-ku.

title:	Israel Bible Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FZefat%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.israelbiblemuseum.com%2F
desc:	Forthoseinterestedinart,theBible,mysticismandtheJewishheritage.

title:	Memorial Museum of Hungarian Speaking Jewry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FZefat%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hjm.org.il%2F
desc:	DepictstheJewishcommunitiesinHungary,Transylvania,Slovakia,Carpathian-Russia,Bachka,Banat,andBurgenland.

title:	Barbour Living Heritage Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barbour-site.com%2F
desc:	FeaturestheBenjaminBarbourHome,theAlphaeusBarbourHome,andtheGreenspondCourthousewithvisitorinformation,eventsandprograms,history,andgallerylocatedatNewtownandGreenpond,NewfoundlandandLabrador.

title:	Bible Lands Museum Jerusalem 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FJerusalem%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blmj.org%2F
desc:	BiblicalhistorythroughancientNearEasternartfromthedawnofcivilizationthroughtheearlyChristianera.

title:	Bloomfield Science Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FJerusalem%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mada.org.il%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	Displayingthemuseum'svariousexhibitionsandeducationalactivities,designedtoarousecuriosityanddeepenunderstandingaboutthenaturalandtechnologicalworlds.

title:	The Israel Muesum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FJerusalem%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imj.org.il%2F
desc:	TheencyclopaedicmuseumofartandarchaeologyintheMiddleEast.Informationontheexhibitions,visitingoptions,specialprograms,aswellasanonlineshop.

title:	L.A. Mayer Museum for Islamic Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FJerusalem%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islamicart.co.il%2F
desc:	Focusesonarchitectureandornamentalobjectsfromthe7thcenturyC.E.topresenttimes,inanareafromSpaintoIndiaandfurther.Visitorinformationincludeshistoryofthemuseumandanoverviewofnewexhibitions.

title:	The Tower of David Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FJerusalem%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.towerofdavid.org.il%2F
desc:	ExhibitionsillustratingthehistoryofJerusaleminawellknownrestoredcitadelwithviewsoftheOldCity.Informationonthecitadel'shistoryandonconcurrentexhibitionsandactivities.

title:	Yad Vashem 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FJerusalem%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yadvashem.org%2F
desc:	Israel'sHolocaustmuseumandmemorial.Includesinformationonthemuseum,itsexhibits,collections,resources,programsandpublications.

title:	Bauhaus Center Tel Aviv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FTel_Aviv%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bauhaus-center.com%2F
desc:	TelAviv'scenterforBauhaus(InternationalStyle)architectureanddesign.ProfessionaltoursoftheWhiteCity,exhibitions,publishinghouse,bookstoreanddesignboutique.

title:	Beit Hatfutsot, Museum of the Jewish People 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FTel_Aviv%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bh.org.il%2F
desc:	NationalCenterforJewishcommunitiesinIsraelandaroundtheworld.

title:	Eretz Israel Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FTel_Aviv%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eretzmuseum.org.il%2Fe%2F
desc:	AdocumentationofthehistoryofEretzIsraelculture,includingthedailylivesandartisticworkoftheJewsandofotherpeoplesinIsrael-thePhoenicians,Canaanites,Romans,Nabataeans,ChristiansandArabs.Foundedin1958.

title:	Ilana Goor Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FTel_Aviv%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilanagoormuseum.org%2Feng%2F
desc:	Locatedinan18thcenturybuilding,thiseclecticmuseumcombinesart,designandhistory.

title:	The Tel Aviv Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FTel_Aviv%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tamuseum.org.il%2F
desc:	Israel'smainartmuseum,firstopenedtothepublicin1932inthehomeofTelAviv'sfirstmayor,MeirDizengoff.

title:	Canadian Medical Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcdnmedhall.org%2F
desc:	Celebratesdiscoveryandinnovationinmedicine.ExhibitsfeaturenotableCanadiansinthefieldofmedicalscience.

title:	Museum of Health Care 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofhealthcare.ca%2F
desc:	Aimstopreservethehistoryofhealthcareandhealthcareeducation,Featuresmorethan27,000artifacts,includingmedical,surgical,andlaboratoryinstruments,commemorativeobjects,andpatientcareitems.Includeshistoryofthemuseum,newsletter,membershipapplication,hours,specialevents.LocatedinKingston,Ontario,Canada.

title:	AMEDD Medical Museum Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ameddmuseumfoundation.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,photogallery,programsandevents,andgiftshop.LocatedatFortSamHouston,SanAntonio,Texas.

title:	Arkansas Country Doctor Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drmuseum.net%2F
desc:	Eventscalendar,newsletterandinformationaboutthecollectionofhistoricmedicalitemsusedbyearlydoctors.LocatedinLincoln,Arkansas.

title:	Clara Barton Birthplace Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarabartonbirthplace.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothefounderoftheAmericanRedCross.Featuresexhibits,ahistoryoftheproperty,hours,volunteeropportunities,memberbenefits,donations,anddirectionstothelocationinNorthOxford,Massachusetts.

title:	The Country Doctor Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.countrydoctormuseum.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesthreebuildingswithexhibitsrelatedtothehistoryofAmerica'sruralhealthcare.Includesdetailsofthecollection,memberships,aneducationaltourschedule,admissionrates,hoursanddirections.LocatedinBailey,NorthCarolina.

title:	Dittrick Medical History Center and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartsci.case.edu%2FDittrick%2F
desc:	Informationonmedicalartifacts,referencematerials,rarebooks,archives,photographiccollections.LocatedinCleveland,Ohio.

title:	The Health Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mhms.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,exhibits,programs,outreach,andnews,LocatedinHouston,Texas.

title:	Indiana Medical History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imhm.org%2F
desc:	Generalandvisitorinformation,events,educationprograms,resourcesandFAQ.LocatedinIndianapolis,Indiana.

title:	International Museum of Surgical Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imss.org%2F
desc:	Informationanddetailsregardingtheexhibitsandprogramsofthemuseum.

title:	Museum of Questionable Medical Devices 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofquackery.com%2F
desc:	Largeonlinedisplayofwhatthehumanmindhasdevisedtocureitselfwithoutascientificmethod.Deviousdisplaysofquackery,fraudanddeceptionlocatedintheScienceMuseumofMinnesotainSt.Paul.

title:	New Orleans Pharmacy Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pharmacymuseum.org%2F
desc:	History,exhibitsandartifacts,events,programs,andtours.LocatedinNewOrleans,Louisiana.

title:	The Public Health Museum in Massachusetts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.publichealthmuseum.org%2F
desc:	IncludesexhibitinformationandphotographsaboutpublichealthinTewksbury.

title:	Sindecuse Museum of Dentistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dent.umich.edu%2Fsindecuse
desc:	Generalinformation,exhibits,location,andschedule.LocatedinAnnArbor,Michigan.

title:	Still National Osteopathic Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FMedical%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atsu.edu%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Thecollections,exhibits,programs,resources,newsletter,andschedule.LocatedinKirksville,Missouri.

title:	Bell Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bellmuseum.umn.edu%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,researchandcollections,exhibits,programs,publications,andresources.LocatedinTwinCities,Minnesota.

title:	Burke Museum of Natural and Cultural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burkemuseum.org%2F
desc:	MuseumattheUniversityofWashingtoninSeattlefeaturesarchaeologicalandethnographiccollectionsincludingacollectionofNorthwestCoastNativeAmericanmaterial.Informationaboutthemuseum,events,researchandcollections.

title:	Cable Natural History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cablemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Cable,Wisconsin.NaturalhistoryoftheNorthWoodsregion.Museuminformation,seasonalobservationform,ForestLabInternProgram.

title:	Delaware Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delmnh.org%2F
desc:	Collectionshaveastrongemphasisonmollusksandbirds,reflectingtheoriginalcollectinginterestsofthemuseumfounder.LocatedinWilmington,Delaware.

title:	Frank H. McClung Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmcclungmuseum.utk.edu%2F
desc:	MuseumofhistoryandnaturalhistorylocatedonthecampusoftheUniversityofTennessee,Knoxville.

title:	Hastings Museum of Natural and Cultural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hastingsmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,exhibits,theater,planetarium,educationprograms,andstore.LocatedinNebraska.

title:	Joseph Moore Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waynet.org%2Fnonprofit%2Fjos_moore.htm
desc:	Highlights,photos,anddirections.LocatedinRichmond,Indiana.

title:	Las Vegas Natural History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lvnhm.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsincludeanimateddinosaurs,southernNevada'splantandanimallife,internationalwildliferoom,alivesharkexhibit,andchildren'shands-onexploration.

title:	Mississippi Museum of Natural Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdwfp.com%2Fmuseum.aspx
desc:	Provideseducationmaterials,threatenedandendangeredspeciessearches,coloringbooksforchildrenandonlineexhibits.

title:	New Mexico Museum of Natural History & Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmnaturalhistory.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,displays,scienceandresearch,programs,andstore.LocatedinAlbuquerque.

title:	Pioneer Trails Regional Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ptrm.org%2F
desc:	Specializesinpaleontology,NativeAmericanhistory,andprairiehistory.Conductsfieldtourswhereavisitorcandigfordinosaursandotherfossilsinthebadlandswiththemuseum'spaleontologists.

title:	Smithsonian Institution - National Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mnh.si.edu%2F
desc:	Offersacollectionofover124millionobjects,displayedontwofloorsofthemuseum.Offersavirtualtour,acalendarofevents,educationalresources,andadirectory.LocatedinWashington,DC,UnitedStates.

title:	Royal Ontario Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rom.on.ca%2F
desc:	Containscollectionsinearthandlifesciences,decorativearts,archaeology,dinosaursandartifacts.Includesdetailsofexhibitionsandgalleries,hours,admissionfeesanddirections.LocatedinToronto,Ontario.[EnglishandFrench]

title:	Canadian Museum of Nature 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nature.ca%2F
desc:	Nationalnaturalhistorycollections,scientificresearchinbiodiversity,rareelements,andpaleobiology,exhibitsandeducationalactivities.LocatedinOttawa,Ontario.[EnglishandFrench]

title:	Halton Region Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.halton.ca%2Fcms%2Fone.aspx%3FobjectId%3D8633
desc:	CenterforexploringHalton'snaturalandculturalhistory.

title:	Niigata Prefectural Museum of History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FNiigata%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nbz.or.jp%2F
desc:	Anthropology,archaeology,folkloreandhistoryoftheprefecture.Includespermanentexhibits,researchactivities,andhistoricaldocuments.

title:	Niigata Science Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FNiigata%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencemuseum.jp%2Fniigata%2F
desc:	Includessectionsontechnology,nature,andhistoryofindustries.Alsohasplanetariumandcurrentexhibitioninformation.

title:	Herbert Samter's Great World of Miniatures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FHaifa%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.world-of-miniatures.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinHaifa,thismuseumdisplaysminiaturemodelsmadeofnaturalmaterials.Biography,gallery,andopeninghours.[Flash]

title:	Israel National Museum of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FLocalities%2FHaifa%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madatech.org.il%2F
desc:	Illustratesthemuseum'sinnovative,interactiveexhibitionsandactivities,forallages.[English/Hebrew]

title:	Air Defence Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museebagotville.ca%2F
desc:	IncludesallappropriateinformationpertainingtothisorganisationdedicatedtothehistoryoftheCanadianAirForce.LocatedinAlouette,Quebec.

title:	Billy Bishop Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.billybishop.org%2F
desc:	TheOwenSoundOntariobirthplaceofWilliamAvery"Billy"Bishop,V.C.isdedicatedtoBishopandaviationhistoryfromWorldWarOnetotheAvroArrow.

title:	Bomber Command Museum of  Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bombercommandmuseum.ca%2F
desc:	SitedescribestheSociety,MuseumandtheWW2Lancasterbomberthatistheprimaryfocus,aswellasotheraircraftandvehiclesfromBomberCommand.LocatedinNanton,Alberta.

title:	Canadian Military Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcanadianmilitaryheritagemuseum.ca%2F
desc:	SouthernOntario'slargestmilitarymuseumhousingcollectionsfromtheWarof1812tothepresentday,featuringarmy,navy,airforce,restoredvehicles,uniformsandmedals.LocatedinBrantford.

title:	Canadian Museum of Flight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canadianflight.org%2F
desc:	Housesover25aircraftbothstaticandflying,artgalleryandgiftshop.TheaircraftrangefromaWWIIHandleyPageHampdentoaT-33Silverstar.Includeshours,admissionandlocation.

title:	Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.warplane.com%2F
desc:	Over25aircraftinflyingcondition.Over100picturesforviewinganddownloading.LocatedinMountHope,Ontario.

title:	CFB Esquimalt Naval and Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.navalandmilitarymuseum.org%2F
desc:	FocusisonthreemilitarygroupswhohavemadeanimpactuponCanada'shistory:CanadianWomen'sArmyCorps(CWAC),RoyalCanadianNavy,andWestCoastDefencesofVancouverIsland.LocatedinVictoria,BritishColumbia.

title:	Commonwealth Air Training Plan Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airmuseum.ca%2F
desc:	AtributetothemenandwomenwhoweretrainedaspartoftheBritishCommonwealthAirTrainingPlanduringWorldWarII.Featuresvirtualtourofexhibits,hoursandadmissionrates.LocatedinBrandon,Manitoba.

title:	Comox Air Force Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comoxairforcemuseum.ca%2F
desc:	Displaystheheritageofthe19WingComoxandWestCoastCanadianmilitaryaviation.Includesdetailsofexhibits,hoursofoperation,alibrarydatabase,amembershipformandalocationmap.LocatedinComox,BritishColumbia.

title:	Cornwallis Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cornwallismuseum.ca%2F
desc:	Displayingwartime/peacetimememorabiliaanditemspertainingtorecruittrainingattheformertrainingbase.Includesphotos,membership,hours,admissionanddirections.LocatedinClementsport,NovaScotia,Canada.

title:	The Fort Garry Horse Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffortgarryhorse.ca%2F
desc:	MuseumsiteforacavalryandarmoredregimentoftheCanadianArmy.Pagecoversregimentalhistory,themuseumandtheregimenttoday.

title:	Greenwood Military Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgmam.ca%2F
desc:	DedicatedtotheaviationhistoryofGreenwoodfromitsfoundingin1942.Includeshoursofoperation,donationspolicyandvolunteeropportunities.LocatedinGreenwood,NovaScotia.

title:	The National Museum of Art, Osaka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FOsaka%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmao.go.jp%2F
desc:	ExhibitsshowthedevelopmentofJapaneseart,withoutrestrictionoftimeperiodsorregionaldivisions,inrelationtotherestoftheworld.

title:	National Museum of Ethnology (Minpaku) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FOsaka%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.minpaku.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	LocatedinOsaka.Activeinethnological(anthropological)research,pluscollectionandconservationofethnographicmaterials.

title:	Suntory Museum Tempozan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FOsaka%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suntory.com%2Fculture-sports%2Fsmt%2F
desc:	Includesgalleryinformation,IMAXtheater,bayareaguide,andmuseumshop.

title:	Maritime Command Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpsphalifax.ca%2Fmarcommuseum%2Findex.html
desc:	Featuresmilitaryuniforms,weapons,servicemedals,navalships,BattleoftheAtlanticandWorldWarIIconvoys.Includeshoursanddirections.LocatedinHalifax,NovaScotia.

title:	McCrae House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fguelphmuseums.ca%2Fvenue%2Fmccrae-house%2F
desc:	ANationalHistoricSite,museum,andthebirthplaceofCol.JohnMcCraeadoctorwhowrote"InFlandersFields"duringWWIandrevisitedeveryRemembranceDay.LocatedinGuelph,Ontario.

title:	Military Communications and Electronics Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.c-and-e-museum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsofpast,currentandexpectedfuturetechnology.Museum,exhibitsandshopprofiles,pluseventscalendar.

title:	The Military Museums   
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themilitarymuseums.ca%2F
desc:	LocatedinCalgary,Alberta,Canada,thismuseumpresentsthehistoryofLordStrathcona'sHorse(RoyalCanadians),PrincessPatricia'sCanadianLightInfantry,TheKing'sOwnCalgaryRegiment,andTheCalgaryHighlanders.

title:	National Air Force Museum of Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airforcemuseum.ca%2F
desc:	ThesitefeaturesmanyphotosandmuchinformationaboutthemuseumaswellastherecoveryandrestorationoftheHalifaxbomberNA337.LocatedinTrenton,Ontario.

title:	Naval Museum of Alberta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themilitarymuseums.ca%2Fgallery-navy
desc:	TheMuseumofcommemoratestheprairiemenandwomenwhohaveservedintheRCN.ThemuseumisdedicatedtothememoryofLt.RobertHamptonGray,VC.LocatedinCalgary.

title:	Naval Museum of Manitoba 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnaval-museum.mb.ca%2F
desc:	FeaturingthehistoryofCanada'sNavy,especiallyasitpertainstoManitoban'swhohaveserved.ContainsimagesandstatisticsofmostWWIIwarships.

title:	Ontario Regiment RCAC Regimental Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ontrmuseum.ca%2F
desc:	MaintainsCanada'slargestcollectionofoperationalmilitaryvehicles.Oshawa,Ontario.

title:	Royal Canadian Regiment Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thercrmuseum.ca%2F
desc:	MuseumofCanada'soldestregularinfantryregiment,locatedinLondon,Ontario.

title:	Shearwater Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shearwateraviationmuseum.ns.ca%2F
desc:	Includesexhibitinformationandphotos,historyofthemuseumandbase,onlineshop,andinformationabouttheaircraft,ships,andsquadronsthatservedinthearea.LocatedinShearwater,NovaScotia.

title:	The Swords And Ploughshares Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calnan.com%2Fswords%2F
desc:	RepresentsauniqueapproachtomilitaryhistoryasitsprimaryfocusisontheCitizenSoldier(theMilitiamanandReservist)atpeaceandatwar.LocatedinKars,Ontario.

title:	XII Manitoba Dragoons and 26 Field Regiment  Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.12mbdragoons.com%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopreservingthememoryofthosewhoservedtheircountryinthevariouswarsandengagementsinwhichCanadiantroopsparticipated.Memorabiliaincludesuniforms,webbing,bayonets,capbadges,shoulderflashes,flags,mapsandswords.Includeshours.LocatedinBrandon,Manitoba.

title:	The Costume Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FKyoto%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iz2.or.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	ContainsJapanesecostumesfromalleraswithillustratedsamplesfromtheHeianperiod.IncludesapageonTheTaleofGenjiMuseum.

title:	Kyoto National Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FKyoto%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyohaku.go.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresceramics,sculptures,paintings,calligraphy,andmetalwork.Themasterworkssectioncontainsbothgoodenlargementsandexplanatorytext.

title:	The National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FKyoto%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.momak.go.jp%2F
desc:	20thcenturypaintingsandcrafts,withanemphasisonJapanesework,particularlyoftheKansairegion.Temporaryandpermanentexhibitions,history,andlinks.

title:	Kanagawa Prefectural Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FKanagawa%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnh.kanagawa-museum.jp%2Finfo%2Findexen.html
desc:	LocatedinOdawara.Withfacilities,exhibits,visitorinformation,access,andmuseumfloormap.

title:	Kawasaki City Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FKanagawa%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kawasaki-museum.jp%2F
desc:	Emphasizestheuseofmodernmediatechnologytorecord,researchandpresenttheartofthepast.

title:	Japan Toy Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FHyogo%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.japan-toy-museum.org%2Fenglish%2Feindex.htm
desc:	Maintainsacollectionof70,000itemsfrommorethan120countries.Withmuseumguide,currentexhibits,programs,andevents.

title:	Art Tower Mito 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FIbaraki%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Farttowermito.or.jp%2F
desc:	ContemporaryartmuseumlocatedindowntownMito.Informationaboutlocation,exhibits,feesandhours.

title:	The Museum of Moden Art, Ibaraki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FIbaraki%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modernart.museum.ibk.ed.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetoexhibits,hours,anddirections.

title:	The Air Museum: Planes of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planesoffame.org%2F
desc:	Afairlysitewithbackgroundandsomegreatpicturesofthemuseum'saircraftandrestorations.(Alsosomecoverageofthemuseum'sGrandCanyonlocationatValle,Arizona.)LocatedatChinoAirportinChino,California.

title:	Air Victory Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airvictorymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featuresdisplaysofaircraft,engines,artifacts,modelsandmilitaryvehicles.Includeshours,admission,photographs,membershipandvolunteeropportunities,libraryanddirections.LocatedinLumberton,NewJersey.

title:	Alabama Veterans Museum and Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alabamaveteransmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Featuresexhibits,library,videocollectionandstoriesaboutlocalveteransfromtheCivilWartothepresent.Includesphotogallery,forumanddirections.LocatedinAthens,Alabama.

title:	American Airpower Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Famericanairpowermuseum.com%2F
desc:	MuseumcommemoratingtheWorldWarTwobigironbirds,especiallytheRepublicP-47"Thunderbolt".Offersinformationandphotosofaircraft.LocatedinFarmingdale,N.Y.(LongIsland)atRepublicAirport.

title:	American Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Famericanmilitarymuseum.org%2F
desc:	MuseuminCharlestonSCwithcollectionsondisplayfromtheRevolutionaryWartotheWaronTerror.

title:	The American Society of Military History: Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tankland.com%2F
desc:	ExhibitsfromallbranchesoftheUSarmedforces,Army,Navy,MarinesandtheAirForce.LocatedinSouthElMonte,California.

title:	American Wings Air Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanwings.org%2F
desc:	FeaturespreservationoftheOV-1Mohawk,andotheraircraftusedasliaison,FAC,andreconnaissance.LocatedonJanesFieldinBlaine.

title:	Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company of Massachusetts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ahac.us.com%2F
desc:	FeatureshistoryoffirstmilitarycompanycharteredintheWesternHemisphereand3rdoldestintheworld.Includeshoursanddirections.LocatedinFanueilHallinBoston.

title:	Aviation Cadet World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviationcadet.org%2F
desc:	AnewmuseumisbeingbuiltthatwillexemplifythespiritofthegreatmenwhoareresponsibleforbuildingtheUSAF.LocatedinEurekaSprings.

title:	CAF Air Group One 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fag1caf.org%2F
desc:	PreservesWorldWarIIaircraftandinterpretsthehistoryofthepeopleandplanesofWorldWarII.LocatedinElCajon,California.

title:	The California Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.militarymuseum.org%2F
desc:	OfficialmilitarymuseumandhistoricalresearchcenteroftheStateofCaliforniainSacramento.

title:	Combat Air Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.combatairmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Presentsawidevarietyofmilitaryandaviation-orientedmemorabilia,rangingintimefromWorldWarItothespaceshuttleprogram.Includesphotos,artifactsanddioramas,galleryofmilitaryaviationartandvisitorinformation.LocatedatForbesFieldinTopeka.

title:	Commemorative Air Force 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcommemorativeairforce.org%2F
desc:	ThewebsiteoffersavirtualtouroftheprimaryConfederateAirForcemuseum,butnodetailofitsexcellentcollectionofmilitaryaircraft.LocatedinMidland,Texas.

title:	Cradle of Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cradleofaviation.org%2F
desc:	OffershistoricalmuseumdedicatedtomilitaryaircraftproductioninLongIslandduringWorldWarTwo.Offersexhibits,anIMAXtheater,history,generalinformation,news,events,andaguestbook.

title:	Eagle Field Army Air Forces Training Base 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eaglefield.net%2F
desc:	Offeringdinnerdances,militaryvehicles,vintageaircraftandautomobiles.Dedicatedtopreservinghistoricalmilitaryartifactsandthememoriesofheroicveterans.LocatedinDosPalos.

title:	Estrella Warbirds Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ewarbirds.org%2F
desc:	Charteredin1992,dedicatedtotherestorationandpreservationofmilitaryaircraft,militaryvehiclesandmemorabiliaofthosewhoflewandworkedonmilitaryaircraft.Alsoincludesanautomotiveracinghistorymuseum.Oneofthefew"fly-inordrive-in"facilitiesinthenation,locatedatPasoRoblesMunicipalAirport.

title:	Frazier Historical Arms Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffraziermuseum.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,educationprograms,collections,andtourinformationlocatedatLouisville,Kentucky.

title:	Freedom Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freedommuseum.org%2F
desc:	TohonorthoseAmericanswhomadethesupremesacrifice,thosewhoserved,andtoteachtheyoungtheirheritage.LocatedinManassas,Virginia.

title:	Frontiers of Flight Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flightmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Illustratesthemuseum'sdisplaysandartifacts.LocatedintheterminalBuildingatLoveField,Dallas,Texas.

title:	Heartland Museum of Military Vehicles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heartlandmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Anon-profitcorporationdedicatedtotherestorationandpreservationofhistoricalmilitaryequipmentofalltypes.LocatedinLexington,Nebraska.

title:	Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intrepidmuseum.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesaircraftcarrierUSSIntrepid,thedestroyerUSSEdson,submarineUSSGrowlerandover25aircraft.Includesdetailsofprogramsandevents,memberships,Friendsorganization,hours,pricesanddirections.LocatedinNewYorkCity.

title:	The March Field Air Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marchfield.org%2F
desc:	AmuseumofprimarilyAirForceaircraftwithanexcellentpost-WW2collection.Websitenavigationleadstoothersitesfordetails.LocatedinRiverside,California.

title:	Michigan's Own Military & Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.michigansmilitarymuseum.com%2F
desc:	Holdsover400exhibits,eachdevotedtoasoldier,sailor,orairman.Includesavirtualtour,hoursandaddress.LocatedinFrankenmuth,Michigan.

title:	Motts Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mottsmilitarymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Preserves,protectsanddisplaysitemsofAmericanmilitaryhistory,especiallythatofindividualsoldiersandtheirstories.LocatedinGroveport,Ohio.

title:	National Armed Services and Law Enforcement Memorial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnaslemm.org%2F
desc:	DisplayshundredsofarmsandartifactsfromtheflintlocksoftheRevolutionaryWartotheelectricGatlinggun.Includesdetailsandphotosofexhibits,hoursanddirections.LocatedinDunedin,Florida.

title:	National Medal of Honor Museum of Military History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mohm.org%2F
desc:	Tellsthestoryofsacrificesofthosewhowentaboveandbeyondthecallofdutytopreservethecauseoffreedom.Providesamissionstatement,itshistory,displaydetails,hours,anddirectionstothelocationinChattanooga,Tennessee.

title:	National Museum of American Jewish Military History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmajmh.org%2F
desc:	DocumentsandpreservesthecontributionsofJewishAmericanstothepeaceandfreedomoftheUnitedStates.LocatedinWashington,DC.

title:	National Museum of the Pacific War 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificwarmuseum.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtotellingthestoryofPacificTheaterbattlesofWorldWarII.DisplaysAlliedandJapaneseaircraft,tanksandguns.Includesdetailsofexhibits,hours,admission,events,volunteerprogram,schoolprogramsandbookstore.LocatedinFredericksburg,Texas.

title:	The National WWII Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnationalww2museum.org%2F
desc:	ExploresthelivesofAmericanmenandwomenwhotookpartinWorldWarIIthroughletters,recruitmentposters,weapons,models,andfilm.LocatedinNewOrleans,Louisiana.

title:	New Mexico National Guard Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bataanmuseum.com%2F
desc:	ThecentralfocusofMuseumandLibraryismenofthe200thCoastArtilleryRegiment,defendersofBataanandCorregidor,sufferedtheBataanDeathMarchand3-1/2yearsasprisonersoftheJapanese.LocatedinSantaFe,NewMexico.

title:	New York State Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdmna.ny.gov%2Fhistoric%2Fmil-hist.htm
desc:	Currently,thecollectionisundergoingsignificantchangesDesignedtoimprovethecollectionandcuratorialservicesandtoenhancetheexhibitioncapabilityofafuturemuseum.LocatedinSaratogaSprings.

title:	Oregon Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oregonmilitarymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Showcaseshistorythroughexhibits,educationalprograms,providesalibraryandarchivescollections.

title:	Palm Springs Air Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpalmspringsairmuseum.org%2F
desc:	SitegivesgoodcoverageofthemuseumwithsomepicturesandbackgroundofBobPond'scollectionofWW2aircraft.LocatedatPalmSpringsAirport,PalmSprings,California.

title:	Pearson Air Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Ffova%2Flearn%2Fhistoryculture%2Fpearson.htm
desc:	Apre-WWIIArmyAirCorpsAirfieldpreservedwithflightcapableaircraftondisplayandinteractivehands-onactivitiesforthechildren.IncludeshistoricphotosofthepioneeringdaysofaviationinthePacificNorthwest.Vancouver,Washington.

title:	Pritzker Military Museum & Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pritzkermilitary.org%2F
desc:	ResearchinstitutiondedicatedtoenchancingpublicunderstandingofmilitaryhistoryandtheroleoftheCitizenSoldierinthepreservationofdemocracy.IncludesTVschedule,podcastsandvideosofprograms,calendarofeventsandmembershipinformation.

title:	Rock Island Arsenal Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arsenalhistoricalsociety.org%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Housesancollectionofmilitaryfirearms,bothforeignanddomestic.Over1100weaponsarecurrentlyondisplay.LocatedinIllinois.

title:	Texas Military Forces Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftexasmilitaryforcesmuseum.org%2F
desc:	MuseumandarchivalcollectiondedicatedtothemenandwomenwhoservedinthemilitaryforcesofTexas.

title:	Valiant Air Command Warbird Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.valiantaircommand.com%2F
desc:	Siteprovidesgeneralinformationonthemuseum,somerestorationprojects,andpromotestheannualwarbirdairshow.LocatedinTitusville,Florida.

title:	Veterans & Families Traveling Tribute Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fveteransmuseum.net%2F
desc:	Featuresreplicas,models,maps,pictures,storiesandothermemorabilia.AvailableforsetupinTexasandLouisiana.Includescontactinformation.LocatedinBridgeCity,Texas.

title:	Veterans Memorial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.veteransmemorialbranson.com%2F
desc:	Featuressculpture,murals,historicalartifacts,objectsd'artandmemorabiliainfivehallsthathonorthefivemainwarsandconflictsfoughtduringthe20thCentury.Includeshoursofoperation.LocatedinBranson,Missouri.

title:	Veterans Memorial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.memorialmuseum.org%2F
desc:	DisplaysofhistoricalmilitaryvehiclesfromWorldWarItothepresent,andtableaus,artifacts,andothermemorabiliadatingbacktotheRevolutionaryWar,andincludesimagesandnewslocatedatHuntsville,Alabama.

title:	Vintage Flying Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vintageflyingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ThemuseumfeaturesarareB-17GPathfinderFlyingFortress,"Chuckie",andauniqueflockofwarbirdsaswellasthefacilitythat"Keeps'EmFlying!"LocatedontheedgeofMeachamInternationalAirportinFortWorth,Texas.

title:	Virginia Military Institute Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vmi.edu%2FVMI_Museum%2F
desc:	Archivesandinformationabouttheover1,900VMIalumniofthe"WestPointoftheSouth"oftheCivilWarera.

title:	The War Vet Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwarvetmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionofover36,000artifactsthatcanbehandled,read,andtouched.Featuresphotogalleries.LocatedinCanfield,Ohio.

title:	Wings of Eagles Discovery Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wingsofeagles.com%2F
desc:	Informationandphotosofthemuseum'scollectionofmilitaryaircraft.LocatedinNewYorkattheElmira-CorningAirport.

title:	Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swaviator.com%2Fhtml%2FissueAM00%2FworAM00.html
desc:	AirandSpaceMuseuminDenver.Features17militaryaircraft,24varioushome-builts,sailplanes,restorations,andreproductions,collectionofWorldWarIuniformsandmemorabilia.Includeshoursandcontactinformation.

title:	Wisconsin Veterans Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMilitary%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wisvetsmuseum.com%2F
desc:	TellsthestoryofmenandwomenfromtheBadgerStatewhoservedinAmerica'sconflictsfromtheCivilWartothePersianGulfWar.Includesonlinetourofgalleries,hours,calendarofevents,services,researchcenterandresources.Freeadmission.LocatedinMadison.

title:	Beckley Exhibition Coal Mine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beckley.org%2Fentertainment%2F
desc:	Arealisticlookatcoalminingasitwasattheturnofthecentury,includingtheYouthMuseum,parkattractions,andgiftshop.

title:	Heritage Farm Museum & Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heritagefarmmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Offersvirtualtourof15restoredbuildingswhichrecreateandpreservetheheritageofAppalachia,threebedandbreakfasts,andadininghall.Includesoperatinghours,rates,directionstoHuntington,andcontactinformation.

title:	Pricketts Fort 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prickettsfort.org%2F
desc:	BuiltattheconfluenceofPrickettsCreekandtheMonongahelaRiverin1774,providingaplaceofrefugefromIndianattackforearlysettlerstothearea,includestheJobPrickettHousebuiltin1859,history,andmedialocatednearFairmont.

title:	West Virginia State Farm Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wvfarmmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionofhistoricbuildings,whichhavebeenrebuiltonthesiteatPointPleasant,includinglogcabinsandanearlyfarmhouseandschool.Detailsofattractionsandvisitorinformation.

title:	The Cedar Creek Grist Mill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cedarcreekgristmill.com%2F
desc:	ANationalHistoricLandmark.Offerstourofworkingmill.Includeshistory,details,eventscalendar,volunteeropportunities,photos,directionsandcontactinformation.LocatednearWoodland.

title:	Pioneer Farm Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pioneerfarmmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Anonprofiteducationalfacilitydedicatedtohandsonlearning.PioneerandNativelifearerepresentedforthepublicandforgrouptoursintohandsonhistory.LocatedatEatonville.

title:	San Juan Island National Historical Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsanjuanisland.areaparks.com%2Fparkinfo.html%3Fpid%3D7624
desc:	ThesiteofthePigWarCrisisbetweentheUnitedStatesandGreatBritainincludingparkinformationandserviceslocatedatFridayHarbor.

title:	Colonial Williamsburg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.history.org%2F
desc:	Provideshundredsofrestored,reconstructed,andhistoricallyfurnishedbuildingsona301-acresite.Includesavisitor'sguide,publications,educationalprograms,anddetailsofresearch.

title:	Crab Orchard Museum and Pioneer Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcraborchardmuseum.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	InterpretstheculturalheritageofthemiddleAppalachianmountainregion.Includesdetailsofexhibits,volunteeropportunities,admissionfees,membershipopportunities,events,educationalprograms,andlocationmap.LocatedinTazewell.

title:	Frontier Culture Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frontiermuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offers17th,18thand19thcenturyEuropeanandAmericanhistory,featuringappropriatefurnishings,crops,animals,foods,andastaffofcostumedinterpretersthathelpcreatealivingillustrationoflifeinEuropebeforeimmigrationtoAmerica.Includeshours,admission,membership,calendarofevents,educationalprograms,newsletteranddirections.LocatedinStaunton.

title:	Jamestown Settlement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historyisfun.org%2FJamestown-Settlement.htm
desc:	GalleryexhibitstraceJamestown'sbeginningsinEnglandandthefirstcenturyoftheVirginiacolony.Outdoors,visitorscanboardreplicasofthethreeshipsthatsailedin1607,andexplorere-creationsofthecolonists'fortandaPowhatanvillage.Includesadmissionrates,hours,directionsandmap.LocatednearWilliamsburg.

title:	Meadow Farm Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhenrico.us%2Frec%2Fplaces%2Fmeadow-farm%2F
desc:	19th-centurylivinghistorymuseumincludesfarmhouse,barn,1860sdoctor'soffice,smokehouse,blacksmithforge,stables,cropdemonstrationfieldsandfarmanimals.Includeshours,programs,workshopsandspecialevents.LocatedinRichmond.

title:	Fort Caspar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWyoming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwyoshpo.state.wy.us%2Ftrailsdemo%2Ffortcaspar256k.htm
desc:	Areconstructedfortwithvideo,generalandvisitorinformationlocatedatCasper.

title:	South Pass City 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWyoming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southpasscity.com%2F
desc:	Cityrestoredtotheperiodofitslastbiggoldrushduringthelate1800swithover20originalstructureswithinformationandcalendarofevents.

title:	Ephraim Village Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ephraim.org%2F
desc:	News,museums,Norwegianheritage,mission,andstore.

title:	Friends of Old World Wisconsin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.friendsoww.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationwhichsupportsthelivinghistorymuseumOldWorldWisconsin,locatedinEagle.

title:	Old World Wisconsin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Foldworldwisconsin.wisconsinhistory.org%2F
desc:	Outdoormuseumofruralhistorydepictsthelivesandtimesofthepioneerswith65historicbuildings.Includesvirtualtour,events,hoursandadmissionrates.LocatedinEagle.

title:	Schumacher Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.countyofdane.com%2Flwrd%2Fparks%2Fparklist.asp%23schumacher
desc:	A40-acrelivinghistorymuseumnearWaunakee.Includesphotosandcontactinformation.

title:	Stonefield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstonefield.wisconsinhistory.org%2F
desc:	Are-createdturn-of-the-centuryfarmingvillage,bearsthenameadoptedbyWisconsin'sfirstgovernorNelsonDewey,whosefarmoccupiedthelandlocatedatCassville.

title:	The Alamo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thealamo.org%2F
desc:	Includesdetailsofexhibits,hoursofoperation,admission,calendarofevents,rulesandregulations,educationalresources,linksanddirections.LocatedinSanAntonio.

title:	Dallas Heritage Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dallasheritagevillage.org%2F
desc:	Composedof38historicstructuresdatingfrom1840to1910andboastsaworkingfarm,Victorianhomes,andturnofthecenturycommercialbuildings.

title:	The George Ranch Historical Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.georgeranch.org%2F
desc:	A480-acrelivinghistorysitelocatedona23,000-acreworkingranch.Includescalendar,specialevents,membership,hours,admissionfeesanddrivingdirections.LocatedinRichmond.

title:	Homestead Heritage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.homesteadheritage.com%2F
desc:	Agrarianandcraft-basedintentionalChristiancommunityinWaco.

title:	Millard's Crossing Historic Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.millardscrossing.org%2F
desc:	EarlyEastTexasstructuresofhomes,anoffice,aparsonage,schoolhouse,chapel,homestead,andacountrystorewithtourinformation,calendarofevents,andvisitorinformationlocatedatNacogdoches.

title:	Texas Forestry Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.treetexas.com%2F
desc:	Featuresalogginglocomotiveandtender,logloaderandlogcar,acaboose,sawmilltowndepot,skidders,andtreeplanters,includingacalendarofevents,exhibits,andcollectionslocatedatLufkin.

title:	Texas Frontier Heritage and Cultural Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tfhcc.com%2F
desc:	BuffaloGap.PreservesandpresentsthehistoryandheritageoftheTexasfrontierfrom1875to1925.Includesavirtualtour,hours,events,educationalprograms,membershipdetails,andvolunteeropportunities.

title:	Billings Farm and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.billingsfarm.org%2F
desc:	Featuresrurallifeofthe1890'sandaworkingdairyfarm.Includesspecialevents,hours,admissionfees,membershipanddirections.LocatedinWoodstock.

title:	Shelburne Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shelburnemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Over150,000worksareexhibitedin39exhibitionbuildings,25ofwhicharehistoricwithinformationonprograms,calendarofevents,andastore.

title:	American West Heritage Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.awhc.org%2F
desc:	Interpretspioneer,NativeAmericanIndian,andmountainmanhistory.Includesactivities,events,scheduling,pricing,andmemberships.LocatedinCacheValley.

title:	Fort Buenaventura State Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utah.com%2Fstateparks%2Fbuenaventura.htm
desc:	ThefirstpermanentAnglosettlementintheGreatBasinwithparkdetailslocatedatOgden.

title:	Wheeler Historic Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wheelerfarm.com%2F
desc:	Arestorationoftheturn-of-the-centurydairyfarmofHenryJ.WheelerthatincludesdemonstrationsandexhibitswithinformationonactivitiesandcalendarofeventslocatedatSaltLakeCity.

title:	Dakota Territorial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Flewisandclarktrail.com%2Fsection2%2Fsdcities%2FYankton%2FDakotaMuseum%2F
desc:	FeaturestheTerritorialCouncilBuilding(restored),GreatNorthernRailroadDepot,CookBlacksmithShop,GundersonRuralSchoolHouse,andaRetiredBurlingtonNorthernCaboose,includinghistoricalfactsanddirectionslocatedatYankton.

title:	South Dakota's Original 1880 Town 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.1880town.com%2F
desc:	Morethan30buildingsauthenticallyfurnishedwiththousandsofrelics,andincludeshistoryandimages,CaseyTibbsexhibits,andDanceswithWolvesmoviepropslocatednearMurdo.

title:	Wade's Gold Mill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wadesgoldmill.com%2F
desc:	Antiqueminingequipmentrestoredtoaworkingcondition,andincludespanninglessons,informationonthefacilities,andbrochurelocatedatHillCity.

title:	Boone Hall Plantation & Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boonehallplantation.com%2F
desc:	OneofAmerica'soldestworkingplantations;includesphotosofthehouseandslavequarters,aswellasdetailsonspecialevents,educationalprograms,tours,andeventhostinglocatedatMt.Pleasant.

title:	Fort Moultrie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Ffosu%2Flearn%2Fhistoryculture%2Ffort_moultrie.htm
desc:	Ahistorycovering171yearsofseacoastdefenseincludingnews,history,andvisitorinformation.

title:	Middleton Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.middletonplace.org%2F
desc:	Findoutabouttours,eventsandactivitiesatthisNationalHistoricLandmarkandcarefullypreserved18th-centuryplantation,whichincludesgardens,ahousemuseumandstableyardslocatedatCharleston.

title:	The Harn Homestead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harnhomestead.com%2F
desc:	Featuresahistorichome,barnandgroundslocatedon9.4acres,includingnews,history,andtourinformationlocatedatOklahomaCity.

title:	Historic Collinsville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historiccollinsville.com%2F
desc:	MiddleTennesseefrontierlifewithauthenticallyrestoredloghousesandoutbuildingsdatingfrom1830to1870,includesphotos,visitorinformation,andscheduleofspecialeventslocatedatSouthside.

title:	Rocky Mount Museum: A Living History Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rockymountmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Firstpersoninterpretationofdailylifestyles,domesticandworkskills,food,clothing,furnishingsandgamesbeginningwithWilliamCobb'shome,includingspecialeventsandeducationalprogramslocatedatPineyFlats.

title:	Tipton-Haynes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tipton-haynes.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesthehomeofCol.JohnTipton,asmokehouse,pigsty,loomhouse,stillhouse,springhouseandthelargelogbarnandcorncrib,andcontainsnews,exhibits,calendarofevents,andvisitorinformationlocatedatJohnsonCity.

title:	Fort Adams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortadams.org%2F
desc:	Functionedfrom1824to1950,includesoverview,tourinformation,history,photogallery,mapsandterminologylocatedatNewport.

title:	Slater Mill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slatermill.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsincludearubblestonemill,machinetools,andtextileindustryartifacts.PresentstheSylvanusBrownHouse,HistoricGarden,andWilkinsonMill.LocatedatPawtucket.

title:	South County Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southcountymuseum.org%2F
desc:	ConsistsoftheMetzBuilding,theCarpentryShop,BlacksmithForge,FiberArtsCenterandCarriageBarn,andincludesprogramsandevents,directionsandschedulelocatedatNarragansett.

title:	Caesar's Creek Pioneer Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caesarscreekpioneervillage.org%2F
desc:	HistoryofsouthwesternOhioduringitssettlementthrougheducationalprogrammingandconservationofacollectionoforiginallogcabins.Includesvillagehistory,scheduleofevents,membership,volunteeropportunitiesanddrivingdirections.LocatedatWaynesville.

title:	Century Village Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcenturyvillagemuseum.org%2F
desc:	TheGeaugaCountyHistoricalSocietyensuresthatthehistoryofGeaugaCountyispreservedfortheeducationandappreciationofpresentandfuturegenerations.OurfullyrestoredCenturyVillageMuseum,locatedinBurton,Ohio.

title:	Fort Meigs State Memorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortmeigs.org%2F
desc:	Areconstructionoftheoriginal1813fort,containingthehistory,visitorinformation,scheduleofevents,andmapslocatedatPerrysburg.

title:	Hale Farm and Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wrhs.org%2Fplan-your-visit%2Fhale-farm%2F
desc:	FeaturescostumedinterpreterswhodescribelifeintheWesternReserveduringAmerica'sformativeyears.Includesevents,hoursandadmissionfees,educationalprograms,craftsforsaleanddirections.LocatednearCleveland.

title:	Historic Roscoe Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roscoevillage.com%2F
desc:	Restorationofa19thcenturycanaltown.Includesguidetoshopping,dining,lodgingandcalendarofevents.LocatedinCoshocton.

title:	Oberlin Heritage Center Tours 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oberlin.edu%2Fexternal%2FEOG%2FOHIO%2FO.H.I.O.tour.html
desc:	TourfeaturesthreepreservedhistoricbuildingsfurnishedwithhistoricartifactsandantiquesthattellthestoryoflifeinOberlinfromitsfoundingin1833totheearlytwentiethcentury.

title:	Old Fort Steuben 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldfortsteuben.com%2F
desc:	Reconstructed18thcenturyfortbuiltontheoriginalsiteoverlookingtheOhioRiverofferseducationalandhistoricalprogramsandtoursMay-October,andafestivalduringthe3rdweekendinJune.Includeshours,fees,andacontactform.LocatedatSteubenville.

title:	Sauder Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saudervillage.org%2F
desc:	Costumedguidesleadactivitiesanddemonstrationsofdailyrurallifeinthe19thandearly20thcenturies.Includesinformationonshopping,events,tours,lodging,campgroundandeducationresources.LocatedinArchbold.

title:	Schoenbrunn Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ohiohistory.org%2Fvisit%2Fmuseum-and-site-locator%2Fschoenbrunn-village
desc:	Foundedin1772asamissiontotheDelawareIndiansbytheMoravianchurch,andincludesvisitorandgeneralinformationlocatedatZoar.

title:	Batsto Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.batstovillage.org%2F
desc:	Abogironandglass-makingcommunitystartingin1766thatincludeshomes,business,andindustrystructures,andincludesavisitorscenter,eventsandtours,andamuseumshoplocatedatHammonton.

title:	Historic Cold Spring Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hcsv.org%2F
desc:	A22acre19thcenturylivinghistorymuseumand25RestoredHistoricBuildings.Interpretorsdisplaytheircraftsanddiscusslifeinthe1850's.LocatedinCapeMay.

title:	Howell Living History Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fieldtrip.com%2Fnj%2F97373299.htm
desc:	Workingfarmformorethan250years,since1732whenJosephPhillipspurchased125acresfromlandholder,WilliamBryant.Farmwasrestoredtoits1900-1910appearance.Includesself-guidedtour,hoursanddirections.LocatedinTitusville.

title:	The Adirondack Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adkmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Explorestheculture,environmentandhistoryoftheregion.Includeshours,fees,virtualtours,onlineexhibits,events,FAQs,servicesanddirections.LocatedinBlueMountainLake.

title:	Fort Delaware Museum of Colonial History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fco.sullivan.ny.us%2Findex.asp%3Forgid%3D271%26sID%3D%26storyID%3D199
desc:	AnauthenticdepictionofthelifeoftheDelawareCompanyPioneerswhosettledintheUpperDelawareValleyin1754,andcontainsabackground,programsandschedulelocatedatNarrowsburg.

title:	Genesee Country Village and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gcv.org%2F
desc:	Featuresa19th-centurycountryvillage,galleryofwildlifeandsportingart,andnaturecenter.Includesdetailsofbuildingandcollections,hours,admission,calendarofevents,learningprogramsanddirections.LocatedinMumford.

title:	Heritage Square Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heritagesquaremuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitingacrossroadscommunityofthemid-1800s,themuseumservestoshowvisitors19thcenturylifethroughseveralhistoricrestorations.LocatedatOntario.

title:	Historic Richmond Town 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicrichmondtown.org%2F
desc:	Consistsof25acreswithrestoredhomes,commercialandcivicbuildings,andamuseum,includingacalendarofevents,exhibits,history,mapandschedulelocatedatStatenIsland.

title:	Neversink Valley Area Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neversinkmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Imaginewhatitwasliketolivealongacanaloveracenturyago;locatedintheDandHCanalPark,Cuddebackville.

title:	Philipsburg Manor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hudsonvalley.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Fphilipsburg-manor
desc:	Late17thcenturymanorhousewithworkinggristmill,outbuildings,garden,oxen,sheepandcattle.Descriptionandtourhours.LocatedatSleepyHollow.

title:	Coronado State Monument 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmmonuments.org%2Fcoronado
desc:	ThepartiallyreconstructedruinsoftheancientPuebloofKuaua,aTiwawordforevergreenincludingscheduleandvisitorinformationlocatedatBernalillo.

title:	El Rancho de las Golondrinas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.golondrinas.org%2F
desc:	Datesfromtheearly1700sandwasanimportantparajeorstoppingpointalongthefamousCaminoReal,theRoyalRoadfromMexicoCitytoSantaFe,includesgeneralinformation,calendarofevents,andshop.

title:	New Mexico Historic Sites: Lincoln Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmmonuments.org%2Flincoln
desc:	AtownmadefamousbyoneofthemostviolenttimesinNewMexico'shistory.Providesphotographs,directionsandadmissioninformation.

title:	Beaufort Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beauforthistoricsite.org%2F
desc:	Aseaportvillagesettingwithguidedtoursofauthenticallyrestoredhomesandbuildings,theOldBuryingGround,andcharminghistoricdistrict,andcontainsgeneralinformation,programsandevents,andnewsletter.

title:	Fort Macon State Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncparks.gov%2Ffort-macon-state-park
desc:	HometoaCivilWarfortbuiltin1826includingevents,exhibits,history,safetytips,rulesandregulations,directions,andparkmaplocatedatAtlanticBeach.

title:	Hickory Ridge Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hickoryridgemuseum.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinBooneandstaffedwithinterpretersinperiodclothing.The18thcenturyhomesteadgivesvisitorsaglimpseintothedailylivesofearlymountainsettlersincludinghowtheylived,andwhatconstituteda'typical'mountainhomestead.Includesadmissionfees,upcomingeventsandagallery.

title:	Historic Latta Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lattaplantation.org%2F
desc:	Historicfarmmuseumthatdemonstratesthelifestylesofplanters,slaves,andsettlersofbackcountryNorthCarolinalocatedatHuntersville.

title:	Old Aurora Colony Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auroracolony.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionof20structures,andincludesevents,history,giftshop,andschedule.

title:	Historic Stagville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stagville.org%2F
desc:	Featuresthelate18th-centuryBennehanHouse,fourtwo-story,four-roomslavehouses,apre-RevolutionaryWaryeomanfarmer'shouse,amassivetimberframedbarn,andthefamilycemetery,includingeventsinformationandashoplocatedatDurham.

title:	Old Salem Museums and Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldsalem.org%2F
desc:	RestorationoftheMoraviancommunityfeaturescomplexoffourmuseums.Includeseventsandnews,hours,admissionfees,researchandeducationprograms,informationrequestformandcontactdetails.LocatedinWinston-Salem.

title:	Reed Gold Mine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nchistoricsites.org%2Freed%2Freed.htm
desc:	ThelocaleofthefirstdocumenteddiscoveryofgoldintheUnitedStates,andcontainsinformationofthefacilities,events,andimageslocatedatStanfield.

title:	Eckley Miners' Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.ptd.net%2F%7Epleides%2F
desc:	Presentsanoverviewofthetownandexhibits,acalendarofevents,andvolunteeropportunities.

title:	Fort Ligonier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortligonier.org%2F
desc:	Afull-scale,on-sitereconstructionofthe1758-1766originalfort.History,museum,virtualtour,activities,visitorinformation,andstore.Includeshours,admissionfeesanddrivingdirections.LocatedinLigonier.

title:	Hopewell Furnace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fhofu%2F
desc:	Foundedin1771byIronmasterMarkBirdandoperateduntil1883,andincludesactivitiesandcalendarofeventslocatedatElverson.

title:	Meadowcroft Museum of Rural Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heinzhistorycenter.org%2Fmeadowcroft.aspx
desc:	PreservesandexhibitsthelifeonthelandinruralwesternPennsylvaniathroughouthistory.Featuresanarchaeologicalsiteandarecreated19thcenturyvillage.Includeshours,scheduleofeventsandworkshopsanddirections.LocatedinAvella.

title:	Newlin Grist Mill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newlingristmill.org%2F
desc:	A1704milland150-acreparkdedicatedtohistoricalpreservationandenvironmentalappreciation,operatedbytheNicholasNewlinFoundation.Includeseventscalendar,educationalprogramsandresources.LocatedinConcordTownship.

title:	Old Mill Village Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldmillvillage.org%2F
desc:	Volunteer-operatedsiteon34acresoffersalookat12structuresdatingfromthe19thcenturythathavesomehistoricalconnectionwiththesurroundingarea.Includesgallerydisplays,hours,calendarofevents,specialeventsanddirections.LocatedinNewMilford.

title:	Quiet Valley Living Historical Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.quietvalley.org%2F
desc:	FocusingontheactivitiesofthePennsylvaniaDutchofthe18thand19thcentury.Includesprograms,workshops,hours,admissionfeesanddrivingdirections.LocatedinStroudsburg.

title:	Rough and Tumble Engineers' Historical Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roughandtumble.org%2F
desc:	Alivingmuseumofsteamengines,antiquetractorsandfarmequipmentinLancasterCounty.Includeshours,admissionfees,scheduleofeventsandfacilities.LocatedatKinzers.

title:	Bonanzaville, USA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bonanzaville.org%2F
desc:	Educationalprairievillageseton12acreswithacollectionthatencompassesmorethan40buildings.LocatedinWestFargo.

title:	Fort Abercrombie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistory.nd.gov%2Fhistoricsites%2Fabercrombie%2F
desc:	EstablishedonAugust28,1858,ontheRedRiverinDakotaTerritorybyLieutenantColonelJohnJ.Abercrombieandreestablishedin1860withimagesandamap.

title:	Geographical Center Pioneer Village and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artcom.com%2FMuseums%2Fvs%2Fgl%2F58368-18.htm
desc:	Features27authenticbuildingsanda25,000squarefeetmuseumdisplayofartifacts,includesagallerylocatedatRugby.

title:	The Friends of Fort Atkinson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortatkinsononline.org%2F
desc:	From1820to1827wasthemostwesterlymilitarypost,includesspecialevents,schedule,historyandphotogallerylocatedatFortCalhoun.

title:	Neligh Mill State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nebraskahistory.org%2Fsites%2Fmill%2F
desc:	ThestoryofmillinginNebraskaandthetourofthemillwithoriginal1880sequipmentstillintactwithvisitorinformation.

title:	Pioneer Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pioneervillage.org%2F
desc:	Comprises28buildingson20acreshousingover50,000irreplaceableitemsofhistoricalvalue,restoredtooperatingorder,arrangedingroupsandalsointhechronologicalorderoftheirdevelopmentwithvisitorinformationlocatedatMinden.

title:	Stuhr Museum of the Prairie Pioneer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stuhrmuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinGrandIsland,providesattractionssuchasRailroadTown,anditscollectionsofpioneerartifacts.

title:	Canterbury Shaker Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shakers.org%2F
desc:	Featuresanintact,first-generation18th-centuryMeetinghouseandDwellingHousethatincludestours,history,programs,calendar,visitingprograms,andshopping.

title:	Fort at No. 4 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortat4.org%2F
desc:	AuthenticallyreconstructedsettlementofCharlestownofthe1740swithcalendarofevents,visitorinformation,timeline,resourcesandonlinestore.

title:	Remick Country Doctor Museum and Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.remickmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ExploreandexperiencetherichnessandcharmofearlyNewEnglandvillagelifethrougheducationalandhands-onprograms.LocatedinTamworth.

title:	Strawbery Banke Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strawberybanke.org%2F
desc:	NewHampshire'soldestseacoastneighborhoodknownasPuddleDock,includingeventscalendar,buildingsandexhibits,programs,collections,imagesandhistorylocatedatPortsmith.

title:	Chief Plenty Coups State Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nezperce.com%2Fpcmain.html
desc:	Featuresahome,store,tipi,modernmuseum,andgroundsforwalkingandpicnicking,andprovidesphotos,attractions,locationandmap,andspecialeventslocatedatPryor.

title:	Historic St Mary's Mission 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saintmarysmission.org%2F
desc:	ThefirstpermanentwhitesettlementinMontana,andcontainshistoryofthemission,apictorialviewofthebuildingsandgrounds,biographies,attractions,onlinetour,events,map,archivesandgiftshoplocatedatStevensville.

title:	Huntley Project Museum of Irrigated Agriculture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huntleyprojectmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featureshistoryofthehomesteadingeraandlifeonthefarm.Offersopportunitytowatchtheharvestingoftraditionalcrops,talkwithacostumedreenactorortrysomecommonfarmchores.Includeshoursandcontactdetails.

title:	Museum of the Northern Great Plains 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortbentonmuseums.com%2Fag.html
desc:	Ahomesteadvillageofbusinessesfromtheeraofthe1920s.Includesaphotoalbumandvisitor'sguide.LocatedatFortBenton.

title:	The World Museum of Mining 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miningmuseum.org%2F
desc:	AmuseumonthewestedgeofButtethatincludesexhibitsandguidedtoursthrougharecreated1890'sfrontiertownwithmining-relatedartifactsandexhibitsofhardrockminingequipmentandculturefromthe1880son.

title:	Gibbs Museum of Pioneer and Dakotah Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rchs.com%2Fgbbsfm2.htm
desc:	Historicalsocietyandmuseumpresentingpioneerandcityhistory,1833-2000.Includesguidedtours,weekendactivities,hoursandadmissionrates.LocatedinSt.Paul.

title:	Minnesota Historical Society - Oliver H. Kelley Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.mnhs.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Foliver-h-kelley-farm
desc:	Aworking1860sfarm,containingthehistory,programs,events,galleryandvisitorinformationlocatednearElkRiver.

title:	Steele County Historical Society - Village of Yesteryear 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.steelehistorymuseum.org%2Findex.php%2Fvillage-yesteryear%2F
desc:	Featurestwologcabins,railroadstationandacaboose,generalstore/postoffice,firestation,farmmachinerybuilding,blacksmithshop,countryschool,DunnellMansionbuiltin1868,andtheSt.WenceslausofMoraviaChurchbuiltin1891locatedatOwatonna.

title:	Copper Harbor Lighthouse Tour 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.copperharborlighthouse.com%2F
desc:	Spotlightsthelighthousehistoriccomplex,whichincludesamaritimemuseum,shipwreckartifacts,Michigan'sfirstcommercialcopperminesite,andeasyhistoricwalkingpathslocatedatMohawk.

title:	The Henry Ford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thehenryford.org%2F
desc:	America'slargestindoor/outdoorcomplexpresentsexhibitsreflectingthechangeandinnovationinAmericanlife,andincludescalendarofevents,hours,admissionanddirectionslocatedinDearborn.

title:	Houghton County Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.houghtonhistory.org%2F
desc:	Preserves,presents,andinterpretsthehistoryandcultureoftheCopperCountryintheUpperPeninsula,andincludesdetailsofexhibits,photos,visitorinformation,calendarofevents,andmapslocatedinLakeLinden.

title:	Boston African American National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fboaf%2F
desc:	Exploresthehistoryofthe19thcenturyfreeBlackcommunityofBostonconsistingof14sites,andincludinghistory,programs,theBlackHeritageTrail,biographies,calendar,andgeneralinformation.

title:	Hancock Shaker Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hancockshakervillage.org%2F
desc:	HistoricformerShakercommunitylocatedinPittsfield.

title:	Historic Deerfield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historic-deerfield.org%2F
desc:	Thirteenmuseumhousesbuiltbetween1730and1850,andtheFlyntCenterofEarlyNewEnglandLifedisplayingmorethan25,000objectsmadeorusedinAmericabetween1650and1850,providinginformationoncollections,areadescendants,andtours.

title:	Nantucket Historical Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nha.org%2F
desc:	FeaturestheWhalingMuseum,HadwenHouse,OldestHouse,OldMill,OldGaol,QuakerMeetinghouse,andtheHoseCartHouse,includinginformationonexhibitsandcollections,history,calendarofeventsandmuseumshop.

title:	Old Schwamb Mill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldschwambmill.org%2F
desc:	ThelivingindustrialmuseumwithawoodenmillbuiltintheXVIIcenturyandhostinganoval-framefactory,since1860.ThisistheoldestpictureframemillinthecountryandislistedintheNationalRegisterofHistoricPlaces.LocatedatArlington.

title:	Old Sturbridge Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osv.org%2F
desc:	RecreatedearlyAmericanvillagefeaturesover40staffedexhibits,includinghistorichomes,craftshops,millsandfarmbuildings.

title:	Plimoth Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plimoth.org%2F
desc:	Features,the1627PilgrimVillage,Hobbamock'sHomesite,MayflowerII,CraftsCenterandtheNyeBarn,andcontainsvisitorinformation,history,newsandevents,andgeneralinformationlocatedatPlymouth.

title:	Tour of the Freedom Trail 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftourofthefreedomtrail.com%2F
desc:	GuidedtoursledbycostumedhistoricalinterpreterssharingthehistoryofcolonialBostonandtheAmericanRevolution.Providesabookingform.

title:	Acadian Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.connectmaine.com%2Facadianvillage%2F
desc:	ProvidesavirtualtouroftheAcadiaVillage,informationabouttheRoyHouseandTheMorneaultHouse,directions,andadmittancefeeslocatedatVanBuren.

title:	The Museums of Old York 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldyork.org%2F
desc:	ThehistoryandheritageofthreecenturiesoflifeonthecoastofMaineisdisplayedineightbuildings,includingalibraryandresearchcenter.

title:	Washburn-Norlands Living History Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.norlands.org%2F
desc:	Thefamilyhomeofoneofthegreatpoliticaldynastiesofthe19thcentury,thesevensonsofIsraelandMarthaWashburn,builtfrom1867-1870,andincludesvisitorandeducationalprogramsinformationlocatedatLivermore.

title:	Grand Village of the Natchez Indians 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdah.ms.gov%2Fnew%2Fvisit%2Fgrand-village-of-natchez-indians%2F
desc:	Thevillagesitefeaturingamuseum,areconstructedhome,andthreeceremonialmounds,andincludesvisitinghours,location,andcontactinformation.

title:	Historic Jefferson College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdah.ms.gov%2Fnew%2Fvisit%2Fhistoric-jefferson-college%2F
desc:	ThefirsteducationalinstitutionofhigherlearninginMississippithatincludesarestoreddormitoryroom,studentdiningroom,kitchenbuildings,andotherhistoricsiteswithinformationonhistoryandtourslocatedatWashington.

title:	Fort Boonesborough State Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fparks.ky.gov%2Fparks%2Frecreationparks%2Ffort-boonesborough%2F
desc:	ThesecondsettlementestablishedwhenDanielBooneandhismenreachedtheKentuckyRiveronApril1,1775withdetails,eventsandlocationlocatedatRichmond.

title:	Locust Grove 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.locustgrove.org%2F
desc:	Georgianmansion(c.1790)servedasthelasthomeofGeneralGeorgeRogersClark,andfeaturescraftedfurniture,portraits,prints,textiles,domesticobjectsandselectartifactsoriginallybelongingtotheClarkandCroghanfamilieslocatedinLouisville.

title:	Old Fort Harrod State Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fparks.ky.gov%2Fparks%2Frecreationparks%2Ffort-harrod%2F
desc:	ThefirstpermanentsettlementwestoftheAllegheniesinwhatwouldbecomeCentralKentuckyestablishedin1774byJamesHarrodwithdetails,programs,eventsanddirectionslocatedatHarrodsburg.

title:	Shaker Village of Pleasant Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shakervillageky.org%2F
desc:	Theremainsoffourteenbuildingsincludinginformationonthelifeofthepeople,historyandcalendarofeventslocatedatHarrodsburg.

title:	Carroll County - Farm Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcarrollcountyfarmmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Groundsincludestheoriginalfarmhouse(1852-53),abankbarn,asmokehouse,broomshop,saddlery,springhouse,wagonshed,generalstoreexhibit,andaone-roomschoolhouse,andcontainsinformationonupcomingeventsandthewinefestivallocatedatWestminster.

title:	Furnace Town Living Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.furnacetown.org%2F
desc:	A19thcenturyindustrialvillage,andincludeshistory,eventsandmembershipinformationlocatednearSnowHill.

title:	Hancock's Resolution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historichancocksresolution.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1784-1785,thishomeisanexampleofearlyChesapeakearchitectureandoneoffewexistingstonebuildingsofthatperiodinAnneArundelCounty.Includeshours,events,membershipandvolunteerforms,anddirectionstoitslocationinPasadena.

title:	Rural Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ruralheritagemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Educationalexhibits,resourcesandarestoredlogcabinandloghomewithplansforaruralvillage,andincludesaphototour,calendarofevents,hoursofoperation,andcontactinformationlocatedatBoonsboro.

title:	Sotterley Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sotterley.org%2F
desc:	TheonlyremainingTidewaterPlantationinMarylandthatisopentothepublic,andcontainseducationalprograms,history,newsandevents,andgallerylocatedatHollywood.

title:	Acadian Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acadianvillage.org%2F
desc:	Areplicaofalater1800svillageincludingalistofhomeswithinformation,galleryandcalendarofeventslocatedatLafayette.

title:	Vermilionville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vermilionville.org%2F
desc:	AuthenticallyportraysawayoflifepreservedwithadistinctlyFrenchaccentsituatedonthebanksoftheBayouVermilionandrecreateslifeintheAcadianaareabetween1765and1890,includesinformationprojects,music,andcalendarofeventslocatedatLafayette.

title:	Living History Farms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lhf.org%2F
desc:	Features1875frontiertownwith18buildingsandotherfarmsites.Includesdetails,memberships,volunteeropportunities,hoursandadmissions,specialevents,educationalprograms.LocatedinUrbandale.

title:	Nelson Pioneer Farm and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nelsonpioneer.org%2F
desc:	Homesteadthatincludesthehome(1853)andthebarn(1856)withupcomingevents,library,andlocalhistorylocatedatOskaloosa.

title:	Pella Historical Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pellahistorical.org%2F
desc:	OpenairmuseumvillagecelebratesitsDutchheritagethrougharchitecturalmodelsandantiqueDutchheirlooms.Includeshours,admissionfeesanddirections.

title:	Vesterheim Norwegian-American Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvesterheim.org%2F
desc:	With16historicbuildingsinitsmaincomplexandtwoNationalRegistersitesjustoutsidethecity,ishometoover23,000artifactsthatembodythelivingheritageofNorwegianimmigrantstoAmericalocatedatDecorah.

title:	Callaway Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kudcom.com%2Fwww%2Fatt01.html
desc:	Consistsofthemanorhouse(1869),alogcabin(c.1785),andafederalplainstylehouse(c.1790),farmingstructures,thefarmandfieldswithimagesandvisitorinformationlocatedatWashington.

title:	Fort King George Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gastateparks.org%2Ffortkinggeorge%2F
desc:	Builtandoperatedinthe1720s,thefortservedasasoutheasternmilitaryfortforBritain'sColonialEmpireinAmericalocatedatDorien.

title:	Georgia's Museum of Agriculture and Historic Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abac.edu%2Fmuseum
desc:	Consistsofatraditionalfarmcommunityofthe1870s,progressivefarmsteadofthe1890s,industrialsitescomplex,andaruraltown,includinghistory,educationalprograms,eventscalendar,andteacherresourceslocatedatTifton.

title:	Jarrell Plantation State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gastateparks.org%2Finfo%2Fjarrell%2F
desc:	CoversthefarmerasofDickJarrell'scottonfarmandmillsfrom1895andhisfather's1847plantationhomeandsmokehouse,andincludesinformationonannualevents,visitorinformationandamaplocatedatJuliette.

title:	Westville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwestville.org%2F
desc:	Depictsan1850villagewithoverthirtyauthenticallyfurnishedpre-CivilWarbuildings.Includescalendar,events,educationalprograms,virtualtour,hours,admissionprices,membership,mapandmuseumshop.LocatedatLumpkin.

title:	Angel Mounds State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelmounds.org%2F
desc:	NationallyrecognizedasoneofthebestpreservedprehistoricNativeAmericansitesintheUnitedStates,includinginformationonhistory,events,music,programs,exhibitsandgiftshoplocatedinEvansville.

title:	Conner Prairie Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.connerprairie.org%2F
desc:	Featuresfivehistoricareas,amodernMuseumCenterandover1,400acres.Includesdetailsofexhibits,hours,admissionrates,membershipanddirections.LocatedinFishers.

title:	Freetown Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetown.org%2F
desc:	DepictsthelivesandlifestylesoffreeAfricanAmericansintheyear1870.Includeshistory,upcomingevents,programs,virtualfieldtrip,membershipandvolunteeropportunities,andlinks.LocatedinIndianapolis.

title:	Historic New Harmony 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usi.edu%2Fhnh%2F
desc:	Asmalltown,wherethesimplewoodenstructuresoftheHarmonistsblendwiththemodernarchitecturalmasterpiecesonquiettree-linedstreets.Includesdetailsofwalkingtours,ticketprices,calendarofeventsandmap.

title:	Gem County  Historical Society and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gemcountymuseum.org%2F
desc:	InformationontheHuntMemorialHouse,theLittleRedSchoolhouse,thebunkhouseandtheblacksmithshopwithgalleries,hours,mapandinformationonspecialeventslocatedatEmmett.

title:	Idaho State Historical Society - Old Idaho Penitentiary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=https%3A%2F%2Fhistory.idaho.gov%2Fold-idaho-penitentiary
desc:	Theoldterritorialprisoninoperationfrom1870to1973withgeneralandprograminformationlocatednearBoise.

title:	Boot Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boothill.org%2F
desc:	TheMuseumwasfoundedin1947tocollect,preserveandinterpretthehistoryofDodgeCity.

title:	Legler Barn Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lenexahistoricalsociety.org%2Fpages%2Flegler_barn.html
desc:	OperatedbytheLenexaHistoricalSociety.

title:	McPherson County Old Mill Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcphersoncountyks.us%2Findex.aspx%3Fnid%3D20
desc:	Museumcomplexfeaturesrestored1898flourmill,SwedishPavilionfromthe1904World'sFairandbuildingsofhistoricalnote.LocatedinLindsborg.

title:	Old Cowtown Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldcowtown.org%2F
desc:	RecreatesWichitaandSedgwickcountiesfrom1865to1880.Includesdetailsofcollectionsandbuildings,calendarofevents,hours,admission,membershipdetails,mapanddirections.LocatedatWichita.

title:	Delaware Agricultural Museum and Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FDelaware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agriculturalmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Arepresentationofaruralvillagein1890s,LoockermanLandingVillage,includesexhibitsandfeatures,calendarofevents,andtoursandresourceslocatedatDover.

title:	Lewes Historical Society: Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FDelaware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historiclewes.org%2F
desc:	TwelvehistoricalbuildingsthatincludeRyvesHoltHouse,CannonballHouse,Burton-Ingramhouse,ThompsonCountryStore,Rabbit'sFerryHouse,EllegoodHouse,EarlyPlankHouse,BlacksmithShop,MidwaySchool#178,OldDoctor'sOffice,HiramRodneyBurtonHouse,andLewesLife-SavingStationBoathouse.

title:	Hawaii's Plantation Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FHawaii&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhawaiiplantationvillage.org%2F
desc:	Showcasesthelifestylesandexperienceofplantationworkerswithfurnishedhomesandothercommunitystructures,Asianartandarchitecture,andantiquesandrelics,includinginformationontoursandprogramslocatedatWaipahu.

title:	Castillo de San Marcos National Monument 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fcasa
desc:	TheoldestmasonryfortinthecontinentalUnitedStatesstartedin1672bytheSpanishtoprotectSt.AugustinefromtheencroachingBritishcoloniestothenorththatincludesthehistory,visitorinformation,activities,news,virtualtour,andgallery.

title:	Edison and Ford Winter Estates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edisonfordwinterestates.org%2F
desc:	TheestatesofThomasEdisonandHenryFordintheheartofthecityofFortMyers,theCityofPalms,thatcontainsinformationontheexhibits,gardens,events,andvisitorinformation.

title:	Historic Pensacola Village and the T.T. Wentworth, Jr. Florida State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicpensacola.org%2F
desc:	Acomplexofmuseums,aColonialArchaeologicalTrail,andfurnishedhouses,andbuildingssuchastheDorrHouse,LavalleHouse,WentworthMuseum,andtheOldChristChurchincludinginformationfortourists,events,exhibits,programs,andonlinetour.

title:	Mission San Luis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missionsanluis.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,events,andeducationalprogramslocatedatTallahassee.

title:	Old Fort Lauderdale Village and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortlauderdalehistoricalsociety.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesthelargestremainingcollectionofturnofthelastcenturybuildingsremaininginBrowardCounty,theNewRiverInn(1905),theKing-CromartieHouse(1907),the1905PhilemonBryanHouse(1905),aschoolhouse(1899replica),andtheAcetyleneBuilding(1905)locatedatFortLauderdale.

title:	Pioneer Florida Museum and Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pioneerfloridamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Restoredschoolhouse,farmhouse,traindepot,church,barn,shop,andmainmuseumbuildingdepictingpioneerlifewithinformationontheannualLaborDayfestival,quiltandantiqueshowandsale,andChristmaseventslocatedatDadeCity.

title:	Rustosis.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rustosis.com%2F
desc:	Featuresdisplayofoldiron,antiquefarmmachinery,steamengines,vintagecars,handicraftdemonstrationsandaoneroomschoolhouse.Includesvirtualtour,events,bulletinboard,membershipinformation,drivingdirections.LocatedinAvonPark.

title:	Tallahassee Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftallahasseemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Combininganaturalhabitatzooofindigenouswildlife,historicalbuildings,andanenvironmentalsciencecenter,andincludesinformationonexhibits,eventsandprograms.

title:	Company G, Fourteenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteer Infantry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fbliss_barn%2Flivinghistory.html
desc:	U.S.CivilWarre-enactmentgroupsharesitsscheduleofappearancesandinformationonmembership.

title:	East Granby Historical Society - Old Newgate Prison 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ct.gov%2Fcct%2Fcwp%2Fview.asp%3Fa%3D2127%26q%3D302258
desc:	Originallybegunasacoppermine,wasusedasaprisonfrom1773to1827,andincludesdirections.

title:	Fort Nathan Hale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fort-nathan-hale.org%2F
desc:	OriginallynamedBlackRockFort,theforthighlightedtheAmericanRevolution,Waror1812andtheCivilWar,includesthehistory,awalkingtourmap,andgallerylocatedatNewHaven.

title:	Friends of Vintage Base Ball 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.friendsofvintagebaseball.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesweeklylivinghistoryeventsatTheHartfordBaseBallGroundsatColtMeadowsinHartford.Organizationoverview,eventschedule,directionsandinformationonmembership.

title:	Mystic Seaport - The Museum of America and the Sea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mysticseaport.org%2F
desc:	Thevillageandship'sareaisanactivelivinghistorymuseumwith17acresofexhibitsportrayingcoastallifeinNewEnglandinthe19thcentury.

title:	Bent's Old Fort National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fbeol%2Findex.htm
desc:	Originallybuiltin1833byWilliamandCharlesBenttotradewiththeIndiansandtrappers,includingparkinformation,events,virtualtour,photogallery,andbookstorelocatedatLaJunta.

title:	Ghost Town Wild West Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ghosttownmuseum.com%2F
desc:	AcompleteandauthenticoldwesterntownbuiltfromtheverybuildingsabandonedafterthePikesPeakRegion'sgoldminingeraandstraightoutofthedaysofAmerica'sfrontier,includesgoldpanningactivities,history,mapsanddirections,andFAQlocatedatColoradoSprings.

title:	Alcatraz Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Falca%2Findex.htm
desc:	Theinfamousfederalprison,theRock,from1934to1963withinformationonexhibitsandtheAmericanIndianOccupation(1969to1971)locatedatSanFrancisco.

title:	Calico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcms.sbcounty.gov%2Fparks%2FParks%2FCalicoGhostTown.aspx
desc:	ThisauthenticsilverminingtownlivesonasoneofthefeworiginalminingcampsoftheOldWest.Includeshours,admissionandmap.LocatedinYermo.

title:	Columbia State Historic Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parks.ca.gov%2F%3Fpage_id%3D552
desc:	Preservedgoldrush-erabusinessdistrictwithshops,restaurantsandhotels,andincludesactivityandvisitorinformation.

title:	Fort Ross State Historic Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parks.ca.gov%2F%3Fpage_id%3D449
desc:	ARussian-AmericanCompanysettlementfrom1812to1841charteredbyRussia'stsaristgovernmentwithgeneralandvisitorinformation,video,activitiesandeventcalendarlocatedatJenner.

title:	Fresno Flats Historical Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fresnoflatsmuseum.org%2F
desc:	NineteenthcenturylifeintheSierraNevadafoothillsandmountainsofCentralCaliforniabuiltaroundtworestoredandfurnishedhomesdatingtothe1870s,includinggeneralinformation,avirtualtour,andeventslocatednearOakhurst.

title:	Heritage Square 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bob-taylor.com%2Fheritage.htm
desc:	Historicallyandarchitecturallysignificantbuildingswhichcannotbepreservedattheiroriginallocationarerelocatedtoavillage-likesetting,restored,displayed,andinterpretedtothepublicwithvisitorinformationlocatedatLosAngeles.

title:	Kern Pioneer Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kernpioneer.org%2F
desc:	Over50historicstructuresandexhibitsdepictingthehistoryofthearea,comprisingofgeneralinformation,exhibits,calendarofevents,programsandstorelocatednearBakersfield.

title:	Marshall Gold Discovery State Historic Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parks.ca.gov%2F%3Fpage_id%3D484
desc:	ThelocationwhereJamesW.Marshalldiscoveredgoldin1848ontheSouthForkoftheAmericanRiverinthevalleytheNisenanIndiansknewasCullumah,comprisesofavideo,calendarofevents,andgeneralandvisitorinformationlocatedatColoma.

title:	Old Town San Diego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldtownsandiego.org%2F
desc:	Providesinformationabouttheparkandsurroundingcommunity,includinghistory,events,andbusinessdirectory.

title:	Fort Abercrombie State Historical Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlaska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dnr.alaska.gov%2Fparks%2Funits%2Fkodiak%2Fftaber.htm
desc:	RemnantsofaWorldWarIImilitaryinstallationthatincludesimages,andgeneralandvisitorinformationlocatedatKodiak.

title:	Independence Mine State Historical Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlaska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dnr.alaska.gov%2Fparks%2Funits%2Findmine.htm
desc:	Visitorandtourinformationontwoclosedgoldmines,theAlaskaFreeGold(Martin)MineandtheIndependenceMine,locatedatWasilla.

title:	Besh-Ba-Gowah Archaeological Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jqjacobs.net%2Fsouthwest%2Fbesh_ba_gowah.html
desc:	A700yearoldSaladoCulturepueblowithdisplaysofartifacts,andincludesimages,historyandgeneralinformationlocatedatGlobe.

title:	City of Tombstone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cityoftombstone.com%2F
desc:	Touristattractionsandevents,includinggeneralinformationonBootHillGraveyardandthegiftshop,CityPark,andSchieffelinMonument.

title:	Center for Contemporary Art, Kitakyushu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FFukuoka%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cca-kitakyushu.org%2F
desc:	Intendedtobeauniquely-conceivedinstituteforstudyandresearchincontemporaryart.LocatedinYahatahigashi-ku,KitakyushuCity.

title:	Fukuoka Asian Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FFukuoka%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffaam.city.fukuoka.lg.jp%2F
desc:	Includesnewsreleases,currentexhibits,programs,andpastactivities.LocatedinNakasu,FukuokaCity.

title:	Kitakyushu Municipal Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FFukuoka%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkmma.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetocollections,exhibitions,lectures,volunteering,andlinks.

title:	Burritt on the Mountain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burrittonthemountain.com%2F
desc:	14-roommountaintopmansionwasintheshapeofanXforDr.WilliamHenryBurritt.Thehistoricparkcontainsrestoredfarmbuildingswhichinterpretrurallifeduring1850'sand1900'sandfeaturesnaturetrails.Huntsville.

title:	Old Alabama Town 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.landmarksfoundation.com%2F
desc:	Acollectionofauthenticallyrestored19thand20thcenturystructureswithinformationontoursandfeatures,calendar,FAQ,newsletter,andgiftshopslocatedatMontgomery.

title:	Old Cahawba 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cahawba.com%2F
desc:	Siteofthefirstcapitalwithruinsandacemetery,andcontainsimages,history,projects,photoalbum,andannouncementslocatedatSelma.

title:	Tannehill Ironworks Historical State Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tannehill.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionofover4519thand20thcenturybuildings,andincludeshistory,calendarofevents,photos,admissionsandfees,anddirectionslocatedatMcCalla.

title:	Greenland National Museum and Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnka.gl%2F
desc:	ThecentralinstitutionforresearchanddocumentationoftheculturalhistoryofGreenland.Mandate,collections,exhibitions,archivalworkandfamilyhistory.

title:	Hiroshima City Museum of Contemporary Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FHiroshima%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiroshima-moca.jp%2F
desc:	DisplaysmodernartworkfromaftertheSecondWorldWar,withafocusonartworkthatreflectsitsrelationtoHiroshima.

title:	Hiroshima City Transportation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FHiroshima%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vehicle.city.hiroshima.jp%2F
desc:	Includesinformationandmapsaboutexhibitsandaccess.

title:	Hiroshima Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FHiroshima%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiroshima-museum.jp%2F
desc:	ConsistsmostlyofFrenchpaintingsfromtheImpressioniststothepresent,andJapaneseworksfromtheMeijieratocontemporaryworks.InEnglishandJapanese.

title:	Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FHiroshima%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcf.city.hiroshima.jp%2Ftop_e.html
desc:	MuseumestablishedinAugust1955toconveythefactsoftheatomicbombingandcontributetotheabolitionofnuclearweaponsandtherealizationoflastingworldpeace.Siteofferschildren'ssection,messageboard,virtualmuseumwithmulti-mediaexhibits,callforworldpeace,andinformationonthedangersofatomicweapons.

title:	Hiroshima Prefectural Museum of History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FHiroshima%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pref.hiroshima.lg.jp%2Fsite%2Frekishih%2Fcover-e.html
desc:	AmuseumfocusingontheHistoryandcultureofthepeopleintheSetouchiarea,witharecreatedoldtown,exhibitions,lectures,movies,andworkshops.

title:	Kawamura Memorial Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FChiba%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkawamura-museum.dic.co.jp%2Fen%2F
desc:	SakuraCitybasedcollectionincludes17thcenturyJapanesescreens,FrenchImpressionists,Kandinsky,andStella'smixedmediaworks.Illustratedsamplesfromthevariouscollections.

title:	National Museum of Japanese History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FChiba%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rekihaku.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinSakuraCity,Chiba.CovershistoryofJapanfromprehistoricperiodstomoderntimes.Includesvisitorinfoandonlinegalleries.

title:	Arkansas Museum of Natural Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arkansasstateparks.com%2Fmuseumofnaturalresources%2F
desc:	Focusesonthe1920soilboom,andincludesdetailsofexhibits,events,programs,andhourslocatedinSmackover.

title:	Historic Arkansas Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicarkansas.org%2F
desc:	VisitorinformationontheHinderliterGrogShop(c.1826),theBrownleeHouse(c.1848),theWoodruffPrintShop(c.1824),theMcVicarHouse(c.1848),andthePlumBayouLogHouse(c.1830's)locatedatLittleRock.

title:	Old Washington Historic State Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FLiving_History_and_Open_Air%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicwashingtonstatepark.com%2F
desc:	Over30restoredhistoricstructuresfrom1824to1889,andincludestourinformation,calendarofevents,history,andmapanddirections.

title:	Canadian Heritage Information Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rcip-chin.gc.ca%2F
desc:	GuidetoCanadianMuseumsandGalleriesprovidedbyanagencywithinthefederalDepartmentofCanadianHeritage.

title:	Canadian Museum of History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historymuseum.ca%2F
desc:	Informationforvisitors,andalsomanyonlineexhibitsaboutCanadianhistory,militaryhistory,Nativepeoples,folkculture,archaeology,andancientcivilizations.

title:	Nikkei National Museum & Cultural Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcentre.nikkeiplace.org%2F
desc:	AnonprofitorganizationfunctioningtoinformpeopleaboutJapaneseCanadiansthroughprogramsandactivities.IncludesnumerousresourcesforthoseinterestedinJapaneseCanadianhistory.

title:	The Virtual Museum of Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virtualmuseum.ca%2F
desc:	CelebratesthestoriesandtreasuresthathavecometodefineCanadaoverthecenturies.Includesexhibits,photos,games,andlinkstomuseums.

title:	Beaconsfield Historic House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peimuseum.com%2Findex.php3%3Fnumber%3D1043026%26lang%3DE
desc:	Builtin1877forJamesPeake,Jr.,awealthyshipbuilderandmerchantasymbolofVictorianelegance,includeseventsandexhibitslocatedatCharlottetown,PrinceEdwardIsland.

title:	Lougheed House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lougheedhouse.com%2F
desc:	Amansion,carriagehouse,andgardensbuiltin1891,a2.8-acreestateonapublicparkknownasBeaulieuGardenswithagiftshop,events,andschedulelocatedatCalgary,Alberta.

title:	Bermuda National Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bermudanationalgallery.com%2F
desc:	HousesthenationalcollectionofEuropean,AfricanandBermudaart.ExhibitsincludetheBermudaBiennialexhibitionandchanginginternationalexhibition.

title:	Aichi Prefectural Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FAichi%2FNagoya%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-art.aac.pref.aichi.jp%2F
desc:	Housescollectionsillustratingmajorachievementsinpainting,sculpture,andgraphicartsfromthelate19thcenturytothepresent.

title:	Nagoya City Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FAichi%2FNagoya%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.art-museum.city.nagoya.jp%2F
desc:	Containsnews,eventsandprograms,andguidetoexhibits,collections,shopping,admissions,location,andvisitorinformation.

title:	Nagoya City Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FAichi%2FNagoya%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.city.nagoya.jp%2F
desc:	HighlightstheOwariregion,intheareasofarcheology,history,fineartsandfolklore.Includeshours,admissionfeesanddirections.[JapaneseandEnglish].

title:	Tokugawa Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectures%2FAichi%2FNagoya%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tokugawa-art-museum.jp%2F
desc:	NagoyamuseumwithholdingsoftheOwaribranchoftheTokugawafamily,whomaintainedtheclosestfamilyandpoliticaltiestotherulingshogunsthroughouttheEdoperiod(1603-1868).Includesmuseumoutline,permanentexhibitions,andfloorguide.

title:	Aviation Museum of Kentucky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviationky.org%2F
desc:	Featuresrestoredaircraftandmemorabilia,andflyableaircraft,alibrary,amembershipform,anddirectionstoBluegrassAirport.

title:	Bird Aviation Museum and Invention Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbirdaviationmuseumandinventioncenter.com%2F
desc:	Presentsthehistoryofaviationanditsaviators,andinventors.Includesgeneralinformation,nationalinventorshalloffameinductees,andphotos.LocatedatSandpoint,Idaho.

title:	Howard Cannon Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarkcountynv.gov%2FDepts%2Fparks%2FPages%2Fcannon-aviation-museum.aspx
desc:	LocatedinthemainterminalofMcCarrenInternationalAirport,LasVegas,Nevada.

title:	Louisiana State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Flouisianastatemuseum.org%2Fmuseums%2Fcypress-sawmill-collection-and-wedell-williams-aviation-museum%2F
desc:	AfinehistoricalsitedetailingtheWedell-WilliamsCompanyanditsairracers.Manyinterestingoldphotos.LocatedinPatterson,Louisiana.

title:	Pacific Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificaviationmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformationandphotos.LocatedinFordIsland,Hawaii.

title:	Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fairandspace.si.edu%2F
desc:	Features23mainexhibitiongalleries,eachdisplayingmajorartifactsfromtheMuseum'scollection.Includesanoverviewofthecollection,newsandevents,avisitor'sguide,membershipdetailsandvolunteerroles.LocatedinWashington,DC.

title:	Tulsa Air and Space Museum & Planetarium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tulsaairandspacemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Presentssomeveryexcitingfactsabouttheregion'srichaviationhistory,butthemaingoalistochallengeyoungpeopletolearnandreachbeyondtheirperceivedlimitations.LocatedinTulsa,Oklahoma.

title:	Virginia Air and Space Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vasc.org%2F
desc:	Offersacollectionofmorethan100hands-on,travelingandpermanentexhibitsinvestigatingthemesinairandspace,sciencehistoryandtechnology.Includesinformationonexhibits,programs,IMAXtheatre,andmuseumstore.LocatedinHampton.

title:	Brooklands Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brooklandsmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Motorsportandaviationmuseum.Includesvisitorandexhibitioninformation,venuehire,andarticles.UnitedKingdom.

title:	C. Grier Beam Truck Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beamtruckmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Displaystheearlydaysofthetruckingindustry.Featurestrucks,membership,map,andgiftshop.LocatedinCherryville,NorthCarolina.

title:	Cotswold Motoring Museum & Toy Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cotswoldmotoringmuseum.co.uk%2F
desc:	Exhibitfeaturescars,caravans,motorcycles,motorbikesandmemorabilia,aswellasalargecollectionoftoysandgames.Includesdetailsofthecollections,avisitor'sguide,informationaboutthevolunteerFriendsgroupanddirectionstothelocationinGloucestershire,UK.

title:	Coventry Transport Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transport-museum.com%2F
desc:	DevotedtocollectionofBritishroadtransport.Includesvirtualtours,hoursanddirections.Freeadmission.

title:	Forney Transportation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forneymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Alargecollectionofantiquecars,trains,horse-drawncarriages,bicyclesandothermodesofhistoricaltransportation.Includeshours,admissionratesandlocation.

title:	Lomakov Museum of Antique Cars and Motorcycles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lomakovka.ru%2F
desc:	Imagesandinformation.LocatedinMoscow,Russia.(English,Russian)

title:	London's Transport Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ltmuseum.co.uk%2F
desc:	Featuresdisplaysofbuses,trainsandtrams.Includesevents,activities,openingtimes,feesanddirections.

title:	Museo de Carruajes y Motos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museodecarruajeszamar.com%2Finicio.htm
desc:	Featurescarriages,motorcycles,farmtoolsandworkingcars.Includesphotosofexhibits,mapandcontactform.LocatedinElAlgar,nearCartagena,Spain.[Spanish/English].

title:	Museum of Alaska Transportation and  Industry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofalaska.org%2F
desc:	Collections,events,andvisitorinformation.LocatedinWasilla,Alaska.

title:	Museum of Transportation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transportmuseumassociation.org%2F
desc:	Featuresoverseventylocomotivesanddisplaysofcars,firetrucks,buses,trolleysandseveralaircraft.Includesdetailsofthecollections,avisitor'sguide,specialevents,amembershipapplicationandvolunteeropportunities.LocatedinSt.Louis,Missouri,UnitedStates.

title:	National Transport Museum of Ireland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationaltransportmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Anassemblyofpublicserviceandcommercialroadtransportvehicles.Theoldestvehiclesdatefrom1883,thenewest1984.

title:	The New York Museum of Transportation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nymtmuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatednearRochester,NY,themuseumfeaturestrolleys,roadandrailvehicles,photos,alargemodelrailroad,andaresearcharchive.Trackcarridesona2-milerailroadarerunduringthesummer.

title:	North Carolina Transportation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nctrans.org%2F
desc:	AutomobileandrailtransportationinNorthCarolina.Providespanoramicviewsofcollection,children'ssection,andmuseumschedule.

title:	Northwest Vintage Car & Motorcycle Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnwcarandcycle.com%2F
desc:	Events,news,galleries,andmission.LocatedinSalem,Oregon.

title:	Owl's Head Transportation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fowlshead.org%2F
desc:	Aninterestingsitefeaturingmanypioneerandhistoricallysignificantaircraft,automobiles,andengines.Somegoodphotos.LocatedinOwl'sHead,Maine.

title:	Museo Nazionale Trasporti 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FMusei%2FTrasporti&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laspezia.net%2Fmnt%2F
desc:	[LaSpezia].IlMuseosiproponediospitarefilobus,autobus,tram,locomotiveecarrozzeferroviarie;moltidiquestiveicolisonofunzionanti.Presentaleinformazioninecessarie,l'elencodellemanifestazioniedeimezziposseduti.

title:	Nostalgia Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FMusei%2FTrasporti&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nostalgiaclub.com%2F
desc:	[Breno,BS]Museodiautoemotod'epocadiquest'associazione.Notiziesuimodelliestoriadelclub.

title:	Historic Ivinson Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWyoming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.laramiemuseum.org%2F
desc:	ThehomeofEdwardIvinsonandhisfamilybuiltin1892,includinginformationontours,history,FAQ,anddirectionslocatedatLaramie.

title:	Trail End - State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWyoming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trailend.co%2F
desc:	AlsoknownastheKendrickMansion,thehomeconstructionbeganin1908andcompletedin1913,andincludesinformationonthe1910carriagehouseandthegroundslocatedatSheridan.

title:	Charles A. Grignon Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grignonmansion.org%2F
desc:	Provideshistory,eventsandadmissiondetails.

title:	Hearthstone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.focol.org%2Fhearthstone%2F
desc:	Builtbetween1881and1882forHenryJ.Rogers,andonSeptember30,1882becamethefirstresidenceintheworldtobelightedbyacentrallylocatedhydroelectricstationusingtheEdisonsystemwithimagesandvisitorinformationlocatedatAppleton.

title:	Marathon County Historical Society - Yawkey House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmarathoncountyhistory.org%2Ffacilities%2Fyawkey-house-museum
desc:	Ahomebuiltin1900-1901intheClassicalRevivalstyleforCyrusandAliceYawkey,andincludesimagesandgeneralinformationlocatedatWausau.

title:	Milton House National Historic Landmark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miltonhouse.org%2F
desc:	Provideshistoricalandvisitorinformation,photosandeventscalendar.Milton,Wisconsin.

title:	Bigelow House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Folympiahistory.org%2Fbigelow-family%2F
desc:	Itwasbuiltc.1860bypioneerlawyerDanielR.Bigelowandhisschoolteacherwife,AnnElizabethWhiteBigelow,withimages,directions,history,andeventslocatedatOlympia.

title:	Rothschild House - Historic Home Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jchsmuseum.org%2FRothschild%2Fhouse.html
desc:	Builtin1868byD.C.H.Rothschild,ortheBaronashebecameuniversallyknownwithinformationonthehistory,gardens,andtourslocatedatPortTownsend.

title:	Decatur House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whitehousehistory.org%2Fdecatur-house%2F
desc:	Describesthehouse(builtfornavalheroStephenDecaturin1819),anditsresidentsovertheyears.Featurescollectionoffurnishings,textiles,silver,ceramicsandworksofart.Includeshoursanddirections.

title:	Dumbarton House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dumbartonhouse.org%2F
desc:	AFederalperiodhistorichousemuseuminGeorgetown,datingfrom1798.Includescalendarofevents,museuminformation,andhistoryandphotosofthehouse.

title:	Frederick Douglass National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fmuseum%2Fexhibits%2Ffrdo%2Findex.html
desc:	FrederickDouglasspurchasedhisfinalhomein1877,andnameditCedarHill.

title:	Heurich House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heurichhouse.org%2F
desc:	The1894mansionbuiltbybrewerChristianHeurich.Includeshistoryandphotographsofthehouseandtourandrentalinformation.

title:	The Mary McLeod Bethune Council House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fmamc%2F
desc:	HerlastofficialWashington,DCresidenceandthefirstheadquartersoftheNationalCouncilofNegroWomen.

title:	Tudor Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tudorplace.org%2F
desc:	Houseofarchitecturaldistinctionlivedinbysixgenerationsofthesamefamilyfrom1805to1984.SetinoverfiveacresofgardeninGeorgetown.

title:	Woodrow Wilson House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.woodrowwilsonhouse.org%2F
desc:	PresidentialmuseumandNationalTrustHistoricsite.History,calendarofeventsandexhibitions,educationalprograms,tourpreview,staffdirectory,directionsandrentalinformation.

title:	Frank Lloyd Wright's  Pope-Leighey House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.popeleighey1940.org%2F
desc:	FrankLloydWright'sUsonianhouseinAlexandria,Virginia,wasdevelopedasameansofprovidingaffordablehousingforpeopleofmoderatemeans.

title:	Glencoe Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fglencoemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Historic1870homebuiltbyGen.GabrielColvinWharton.Exhibitsincludeperiodrooms,decorativearts,andtemporaryexhibits.Includeshoursanddirections.LocatedinRadford.

title:	Historic Smithfield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smithfieldplantation.org%2F
desc:	Homebuiltin1774byColonelWilliamPrestonofferstourswithcostumedinterpreters.Includeshours,admissions,eventcalendar,photogallery,memberships,volunteeropportunitiesanddirections.LocatedinBlacksburg.

title:	Hunter House Victorian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hunterhousemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1894forJamesW.Hunter,homeshowcasesVictorianfurnishingsanddecorativeartsthatbelongedtothefamily.Includeshistoryofthehouse,hours,admission,calendar,programsanddirections.LocatedinNorfolk.

title:	Ker Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shorehistory.org%2Fker-place
desc:	1799FederalstylehouseontheChesapeakeBay'slowerEasternShore.Exhibitsincludeperiodfurnishingsanddecorativearts.Includeshours,admissions,eventsandphotos.LocatedinOnancock.

title:	Long Branch Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visitlongbranch.org%2F
desc:	Builtaround1805byRobertCarterBurwellwithmissionstatement,events,history,andvisitorinformationlocatedatMillwood.

title:	Monticello - The Home of Thomas Jefferson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monticello.org%2F
desc:	Explorethehouse,gardens,andplantationofMonticello,themountaintophomeofthethirdpresidentoftheUnitedStatesandauthoroftheDeclarationofIndependencelocatedatCharlottesville.

title:	Sully Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fairfaxcounty.gov%2Fparks%2Fsully-historic-site%2F
desc:	Visitthe1794homeofRichardBlandLee,NorthernVirginia'sfirstcongressman.Includeshours,calendar,directions,photosandhistory.LocatedinChantilly.

title:	Wilton House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wiltonhousemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Completedin1753andhomeofRandolphfamilyforoveronehundredyears.Featurescollectionof18thand19thcenturysilver,porcelain,andfurnitureIncludeshistoryofthehouse,admission,hours,eventsanddirections.LocatedinRichmond.

title:	Drayton Hall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.draytonhall.org%2F
desc:	Historicplantationhousecompletedin1742locatedona630-acresiteinCharlestonisanexampleofGeorgian-Palladianarchitecture,andincludesinformationonschoolprograms,tours,events,exhibits,andmuseumshop.

title:	Heyward House Historic Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heywardhouse.org%2F
desc:	Builtasasummerhomeforalocalplantationowner,wasconstructedc.1840andisoneofonlyeightantebellumhomesremaininginBluffton,andcontainsinformationontours,history,store,news,images,andgeneralinformation.

title:	Woodrow Wilson Family Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historiccolumbia.org%2Fwoodrow-wilson-family-home
desc:	Builtin1872,thehomeisacottageintheTuscan-villastyleafterdesignsbythearchitectAndrewJacksonDowningwithinformationonthehistoryandevents,andvisitorinformationlocatedatColumbia.

title:	Babcock-Smith House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.babcocksmithhouse.org%2F
desc:	AnearlyGeorgian-styledmansionbuiltc.1734forDr.JoshuaBabcock,whowasWesterly'sfirstphysicianandaChiefJusticeofRhodeIsland,andincludesimages,docents,events,andgeneralinformation.

title:	Blithewold Mansion, Gardens and Arboretum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blithewold.org%2F
desc:	33-acrehistoricpropertysituatedonBristolHarboroverlookingNarragansettBayinBristol.

title:	Cranston Historical Society - The Governor Sprague Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cranstonhistoricalsociety.org%2Fsprague-mansion
desc:	Constructedinthelate18thcenturybytheSpragueFamilyawell-to-dofarmerandmerchantofthepost-RevolutionaryerawithimagesandvisitorinformationlocatedatCranston.

title:	Governor Henry Lippitt House Museum, 1865 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.preserveri.org%2Flippitt-house-museum
desc:	19thcenturyVictorianbrickhomedesignatedaNationalHistoricLandmark.LocatedinProvidence,itisavailableforhistorichousetoursbyappointment.

title:	The James Mitchell Varnum House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvarnumcontinentals.org%2Four-museums%2Fvarnum-house-museum%2F
desc:	Anexampleoflate18thcenturyRhodeIslandarchitecture,furnishedthroughoutwithnotablepiecesfromtheRevolutionaryperiod.ListedontheNationalRegisterofHistoricPlaces,andlocatedinEastGreenwich.

title:	John Brown House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rihs.org%2Fmuseums%2Fjohn-brown-house%2F
desc:	GeorgianbrickmansionoccupiedbyJohnandSarahBrowninthelate18thcentury.LocatedinProvidence.

title:	Newport Mansions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewportmansions.org%2F
desc:	InformationonnumeroushistorichousesandgardenslocatedinNewport,includingTheBreakers,Rosecliff,MarbleHouse,ChateausurMer,TheElmsandGreenAnimals.

title:	Calvin Coolidge Homestead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=https%3A%2F%2Fcoolidgefoundation.org%2Fthe-foundation-historic-site%2Fsite%2Fabout-the-historic-site%2F
desc:	Homeofthe30thpresidentoftheUnitedStates.LocatedinPlymouth.

title:	The Ethan Allen Homestead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethanallenhomestead.org%2F
desc:	ThelasthomeoftheRevolutionaryWarhero,locatedinBurlington.

title:	Hildene - The Lincoln Family Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hildene.org%2F
desc:	HistoricsummerhomeofRobertToddLincolninManchester.

title:	Judd-Harris House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhenrysheldonmuseum.org%2Fabout%2Fjudd-harris-house%2F
desc:	Containscollectionsoffurniture,paintings,documentsandartifacts.Middlebury.

title:	Old Stone House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldstonehousemuseum.org%2F
desc:	HilltophomeofReverendAlexanderTwilightinBrowningtonInformationonevents,membership,museumstoreandhoursofoperation.

title:	Park-McCullough Historic House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parkmccullough.org%2F
desc:	Victorianmansionbuilt1865-65byattorneyandentrepreneurTrenorParkinNorthBennington.

title:	Robert  Frost Stone House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frostfriends.org%2F
desc:	HomeinSouthShaftsburywherethepoetlivedfrom1920to1929,andwherehecomposedmanyofthepiecesthatbecamepartofhisfirstPulitzerPrize-winningvolume.

title:	Belle Meade Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bellemeadeplantation.com%2F
desc:	AntebellumhomeinNashville,onapropertyformerlyusedasathoroughbredhorsefarm.Featureshistoryandvisitorinformation,includingcurrentexhibits,specialevents,andmembershiprates.

title:	The Carter House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fboft.org%2Fcarter-house.htm
desc:	AmodestbrickhomewastheFederalCommandPostwhilethefamilytookrefugeinthebasementduringtheBattleofFranklinwithimagesandgeneralinformation.

title:	The Earle-Harrison House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earleharrison.com%2F
desc:	An1858historichomelocatedinWaco,with5acresofgardens.

title:	The French Legation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frenchlegationmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Originallybuiltin1840-41tobetheresidenceoftheFrenchrepresentativetotheRepublicofTexas.Includesvirtualtours,events,educationalprogramsandmemberships.LocatedinAustin.

title:	George W. Bush Childhood Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bushchildhoodhome.com%2F
desc:	TellsthestoryoftheBushFamilyandthechildhoodofGeorgeW.BushinMidlandTexas.Projectincludesrestorationofthehome,newconstructionoftheVisitorsCenter,adaptivereuseoftwoneighboringhomes,sitelandscaping,interpretivedevelopment,andanendowmentforprogramming.

title:	Magoffin Home State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thc.texas.gov%2Fhistoric-sites%2Fmagoffin-home-state-historic-site
desc:	Builtin1875bypioneerJosephMagoffinandanexampleofTerritorialstylearchitecture,includingimagesandinformationonactivities,tours,attractions,andfacilitieslocatedatElPaso.

title:	The McFaddin-Ward House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmcfaddin-ward.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1906inBeaumont,themuseumisoneofthefewremainingBeauxArtsColonial-stylehousesintheUnitedStates.

title:	Harn Homestead and 1889ers Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harnhomestead.com%2F
desc:	AhomebuiltbyWilliamFremontHarnin1904,containingvisitorinformation,images,news,andfamilyhistorylocatedatOklahomaCity.

title:	Jim Thorpe Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okhistory.org%2Fsites%2Fthorpehome.php
desc:	Formerhomeofthe1912Olympiancontainingexhibitedartifacts,calendarofevents,andgeneralinformation.

title:	Historic Adams House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deadwoodhistory.com%2Flocations%2Fhistoric-adams-house-overview.html
desc:	AQueenAnne-stylehomebuiltin1892byDeadwoodpioneersHarrisandAnnaFranklin,thatincludesanoverview,news,andpastandpresentevents.

title:	Mellette House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mellettehouse.org%2F
desc:	The1883homeArthurC.Mellette,theDakotaTerritory'slastgovernorandSouthDakota'sfirstgovernorwithgeneralinformationlocatedatWatertown.

title:	Siouxland Heritage Museums - Pettigrew Home and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siouxlandmuseums.com%2F
desc:	An1889QueenAnnestylehomeofSouthDakota'sfirstsenator,R.F.Pettigrew,withimagesandgeneralinformationlocatedatSiouxFalls.

title:	North Dakota Former Governors' Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistory.nd.gov%2Fhistoricsites%2Ffgm%2F
desc:	Builtin1884asaprivateresidencebyAsaFisherwastheNorthDakotagovernors'residencefrom1893to1960withinformationoneachroomlocatedatBismarck.

title:	Fairfield Heritage Association - The Sherman House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shermanhouse.org%2F
desc:	BirthplaceofCivilWarGeneralWilliamTecumsehShermanandSenatorJohnSherman.Framehomewithbrickadditionwasbuiltintheearly1800s.Includesfamilyhistory,links,hours,admissionrates,giftshopanddirections.LocatedinLancaster.

title:	Fairfield Heritage Association: The Georgian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thegeorgianmuseum.org%2F
desc:	1832Georgian-stylemansionfeaturesEricksonGlassexhibitandperiodfurnishings,woodcarvingsanddollexhibit.Includeshours,calendarofevents,membershipformandlinks.LocatedinLancaster.

title:	Historic House Museums in Ohio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vpa.org%2Fhouse-museums-oh%2F
desc:	GuideprovidedbyTheVictorianPreservationAssociation.Includesdescriptionsofrecommendedsites,approximatecosts,hoursandlocations.

title:	The John & Annie Glenn Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnglennhome.org%2F
desc:	FeaturestheGlenns'nine-roomhome,whichwasbuiltin1926,relocatedandrestored.Collectionsincludeartifactsandmemorabiliaofthefamily.Includeshours,feesanddirections.LocatedinNewConcord.

title:	Wayne County Historical Society and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwaynehistoricalohio.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinWoosterwithinformationontheGeneralReasinBeallHomesteadandtheLogCabin.

title:	Asahel Bush House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oregonlink.com%2Fbush_house%2F
desc:	TouraSalemlandmarkVictorianhomebuiltbyOregonpioneerbusinessmanAsahelBushIIin1877-78.

title:	Caples House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcapleshouse.com%2F
desc:	AhomebuiltbyDr.CharlesGreenCaplesin1870,includesimagesandinformationonthecomplexlocatedatColumbiaCity.

title:	Jason Lee House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oregonlink.com%2Fmission_mill%2Fjasonleehouse%2F
desc:	Tour1841homeofOregonpioneerJasonLee,locatedinSalem.

title:	John D. Boon House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oregonlink.com%2Fmission_mill%2Fjohnboonhouse%2F
desc:	Homebuiltin1847.Exhibits,views,directions,andhours.LocatedinSalem.

title:	Josephine County Historical Society - Schmidt House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jocohistorical.org%2Fschmidt.htm
desc:	Afamilyhomeonthecornerof5thand"J"Streetsconstructedfromlocallymadebricksin1901locatedinGrantsPass.

title:	McLoughlin House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcloughlinhouse.org%2Fthe-mcloughlin-house.html
desc:	Builtin1845andlocatedinOregonCity,thehouseanditsfurnishingshavebeenfullyrestoredtobeauthentictothemid-NineteenthCentury,whenMcLoughlinoccupiedthehome.

title:	Methodist Parsonage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oregonlink.com%2Fmission_mill%2Fparsonage%2F
desc:	Homebuiltin1841withimage.Includesdirectionsandhours.LocatedinSalem.

title:	Dorsey Mansion Ranch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dorseymansion.com%2F
desc:	A2-storyloghousethatbeganin1878andcompletedin1880,includeshistory,tourinformation,calendarofevents,anddirectionslocatedatRaton.

title:	Silver City Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.silvercitymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Therestored1881Mansard/ItalianateH.B.AilmanHouse,includescollections,photo-archives,andFAQs.

title:	Daniel Webster Birthplace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhstateparks.org%2Fvisit%2FHistoric-Sites%2Fdaniel-webster-birthplace-state-historic-site.aspx
desc:	Historyofthehouseandproperty,biography,anddirectionslocatedatFranklin.

title:	Historic New England - Barrett House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fbarrett-house
desc:	Builtc.1800,includesgeneralinformation,images,anddirectionslocatedatNewIpswich.

title:	The Horatio Colony Museum and Nature Preserve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.horatiocolonymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Afour-squareFederalstylefamilyhomebuiltin1806bytheBlakefamily,includeshouseandpreservehistory,generalinformation,eventscalendar,virtualtour,andcollectionslocatedatKeene.

title:	The John P. Hale House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seacoastnh.com%2Fwoodman%2Fhale%2F
desc:	Ahomebuiltin1813andresidenceoffirstabolitionistU.S.Senator,containsgalleryandhistorylocatedatDover.

title:	Sandwich Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandwichhistorical.org%2F
desc:	CollectionsareheldintheElishaMarstonHouse,containsinformationontheschedule,collections,events,andlibraryandarchiveslocatedatCenterSandwich.

title:	Bowers Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Fnevada%2Fbow.htm
desc:	Builtin1863byLemuel"Sandy"Bowersandhiswife,Eilley,includesdirectionsandimageslocatedatWashoeCounty.

title:	American Labor Museum - Botto House National Landmark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Flabormuseum.net%2F
desc:	A1908Victorianhomebelongingtosilkmillworker,PietroBottoandhiswifeMaria,homeinformation,directions,events,andgiftshoplocatedatHaledon.

title:	The Hermitage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthehermitage.org%2F
desc:	ItwasaRevolutionaryWarheadquartersofWashingtonandthesiteofAaronBurr'smarriagetoTheodosiaPrevost.FurnishingsreflectlateVictorianlifestyle.LocatedatHo-Ho-Kus.

title:	Indian King Tavern Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.levins.com%2Ftavern.html
desc:	Offerstourof18thcenturycolonialtavern.Includesvirtualtour,restorationprojects,activitiesandhours.Noadmissioncharge.LocatedinHaddonfield.

title:	Macculloch Hall Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maccullochhall.org%2F
desc:	Features18thand19thcenturyAmericanandEnglishfineanddecorativearts,andoriginalartifactsandreproductionsfromthekitchen,farm,andlivingareas.Includesevents,visitinghoursanddirections.LocatedinMorristown.

title:	MCHA's Historic House Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuserpages.monmouth.com%2F%7Emcha%2Fhistprop.htm
desc:	Informationonthefollowinghomes:CovenhovenHouse(1752),Holmes-HendricksonHouse(1754),AllenHouse,MarlpitHall,andTaylor-ButlerHouse(1853)withschedule.

title:	William Trent House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.williamtrenthouse.org%2F
desc:	OriginalhomeofthefounderofTrenton.Includesfloorplans,descriptions,inventoryoforiginalfurnishings,calendar,hours,programsanddirections.

title:	Betsy Ross House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fieldtrip.com%2Fpa%2F56275343.htm
desc:	Nine-roomhousewasoccupiedbyBetsyandherhusbandJohnfrom1773to1786.Self-guidedtourincludestheflagroom,upholsteryshop,musketballroomandkitchen.Includeshours,admissionanddirections.LocatedinPhiladelphia.

title:	Daniel Boone Homestead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.danielboonehomestead.org%2F
desc:	Featurestherestoredhouseandbarn,furnishedwithantiques,furniture,tools,andfarmequipment.Includeshoursofoperation,guidedtours,admission,calendarofevents,virtualtourandmap,educationalprograms,membershipsanddirections.LocatedinBirdsboro.

title:	Eisenhower National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Feise%2F
desc:	HomeandfarmofPresidentDwightD.Eisenhower.Servedasapresidentialretreat,temporaryWhiteHouse,andmeetingplaceforworldleaders.Includestours,hours,admissionrates,calendarofevents,programs,activitiesanddirections.LocatedinGettysburg.

title:	Fairmount Park Council for Historic Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fairmountparkhistoricsites.org%2F
desc:	InformationtoursandspecialprogramsonLaurelHillMansion,StrawberryMansion,WoodfordMansion,OrmistonMansion,ChamounixMansion,BelmontMansion,SweetbriarMansion,andLoudonMansionlocatedatPhiladelphia.

title:	Glen Foerd on the Delaware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glenfoerd.org%2F
desc:	OfferstoursofanItalianatemansion,thelastsurvivingriverfrontestateopentothepublicinPhiladelphia.Includeshistory,preservationprojects,hours,calendarofevents,memberships,volunteering,linksanddirections.

title:	Historic Belmont Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.belmontmansion.org%2F
desc:	Builtintheearlyeighteenthcentury,thehomeisanexampleofPalladianarchitecture,andincludeshistoricalandtourinformationlocatedatPhiladelphia.

title:	Powel House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philalandmarks.org%2F%23%21powel-house%2Fc12go
desc:	Builtin1765bymerchantandbusinessmanCharlesStedman,thiselegantGeorgianbrickmansionwaspurchasedbySamuelPowelin1769atthetimeofhismarriagetoElizabethWilling,andgiveshistory,funfacts,andphototourlocatedatPhiladelphia.

title:	Schriver House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shriverhouse.org%2F
desc:	HistorymuseumthatexploresthecivilianexperiencesatGettysburgduringandafterthisCivilWarbattle.Includesrates,hours,andevents.

title:	Stenton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstenton.org%2F
desc:	PlantationhousedesignedandbuiltbyJamesLogan,therepresentativeofthePennfamilyinAmerica.FeaturesaguidedtourthatrevealsthelifestylesofthreegenerationsofLogansduringtheperiod1730-1830.Includesdetailsofcollections,hours,admission,memberships,mapanddirections.LocatedinPhiladelphia.

title:	Wyck 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wyck.org%2F
desc:	HouseandgardenwashometoninegenerationsofthesameQuakerfamily.Housesover10,000piecesoforiginalfurnishings.Includesguidedtours,calendarofevents,memberships,educationalprograms,hours,fees,photos,floorplananddirections.LocatedinPhiladelphia.

title:	Cow Neck Peninsula Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cowneck.org%2F
desc:	OfferstoursbyappointmentonlyofSands-WilletsHouse(c.1735)andThomasDodgeHouse(c.1721).Includesdetailsandphotos.LocatedinPortWashington.

title:	Dyckman Farmhouse Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dyckmanfarmhouse.org%2F
desc:	LastDutchcolonialfarmhouseinManhattanwasbuiltc.1784andopenedasamuseumin1916.Providesitshistory,genealogy,majorrestorationprojects,avolunteerapplicationanddirections.Scheduledtoreopeninsummer2005.

title:	Fenton History Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fentonhistorycenter.org%2F
desc:	Themansionwasbuiltin1863byReubenEatonFenton,governor,asafamilyhomeinItalian-Villastyle,andincludestours,library,exhibits,collections,museumshop,andnewsletterlocatedinJamestown.

title:	Gomez Mill House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gomez.org%2F
desc:	ExhibitsthehistoryofearlypioneerSephardicJewsinAmerica.Includesonlineexhibits,visitorinformation,andmuseumhistorylocatedatMarlboro.

title:	Historic Hudson Valley: Kykuit, the Rockefeller Estate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hudsonvalley.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Fkykuit
desc:	AgrandhousebuiltbyfamilypatriarchJohnD.Rockefeller;itisnowopentothepubliclocatedatSleepyHollow.Adescription,tourhours,on-lineticketorders,andRockefellerbiographiesarefoundhere.

title:	Hyde Hall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hydehall.org%2F
desc:	Featurestourofneoclassicmansionbuiltin1817.Includesdetailsandphotos,hours,admissionfees,calendarofeventsanddirections.LocatedinCooperstown.

title:	Louis Armstrong House and Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.louisarmstronghouse.org%2F
desc:	CelebratingthelifeandworkofJazzgreatLouisArmstrong.LocatedinQueens,NewYorkCity.

title:	Lyndhurst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Flyndhurst.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesGothicRevivalmansionandhistoricHudsonValleyestate.Includesavirtualtour,hours,admissions,touroptions,calendarofevents,membership,educationalprogramsanddirections.LocatedinTarrytown.

title:	Old Fort Johnson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldfortjohnson.org%2F
desc:	Featuresrestoredfieldstonehousebuiltin1749bySirWilliamJohnsonintheMohawkValley.Includesdetailsoftheoriginalfurnishings,regionalexhibits,familyhistory,hours,admissionfees,membershipform,volunteeropportunitiesanddirections.LocatednearAmsterdam.

title:	The Old Stone House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theoldstonehouse.org%2F
desc:	AmodernreconstructionoftheVechte-CortelyouHouse,a1699Dutchstonefarmhouse,includesgeneralinformationlocatedatBrooklyn.

title:	Oneida Community Mansion House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oneidacommunity.org%2F
desc:	NationalHistoricLandmark.ThismuseumfeaturesthehistoryoftheOneidareligiouscommunityfoundedbyJohnHumphreyNoyesin1848.

title:	Raynham Hall Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.raynhamhallmuseum.org%2F
desc:	AhistorichomeontheshoresofOysterBay,LongIsland,revealinglifefromtheAmericanRevolutiontothebeginningoftheGoldCoast.

title:	Rye Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ryehistory.org%2F
desc:	InformationontheSquareHouse(1730)andtheTimothyKnappHouse(between1667and1770),includesgeneralinformationanddirections.

title:	The Susan B. Anthony House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.susanbanthonyhouse.org%2F
desc:	HomeandartifactsofSusanB.AnthonyinRochester.MuseumandNationalHistoricLandmarkofthechampionofsuffrage,abolition,temperanceandequalrights.

title:	The Conrad Mansion Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.conradmansion.com%2F
desc:	AfterestablishingtheKalispellTownsiteCompanyandtheConradNationalBank,CharlesE.ConradbuilttheVictorianhomein1895,containshouseandtourinformation,events,familyhistory,andgiftshoplocatedinKalispell.

title:	Daly Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dalymansion.org%2F
desc:	Thesummerhome,calledRiverside,ofCopperBaronandmillionaireMarcusDaly,hiswifeMargaretandtheirfourchildren,includeshistoryandactivitieslocatedatHamilton.

title:	Moss Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvisitmt.com%2Fcategories%2Fmoreinfo.asp%3FIDRRecordID%3D3166%26SiteID%3D1
desc:	AhomebuiltbyPrestonBoydMossfamilyin1903,includesgeneralandtourinformationlocatedinBillings.

title:	General Crook House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omahahistory.org%2Fvisit.html
desc:	TherestoredhomeofGeneralGeorgeCrookconstructedin1879,includesgeneralinformation,giftshop,andbookstorelocatedatOmaha.

title:	Thomas P. Kennard House - Nebraska Statehood Memorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nebraskahistory.org%2Fsites%2Fkennard%2F
desc:	An1869ItalianatehomeofNebraska'sfirstSecretaryofState,ThomasP.Kennard,containseventsandgeneralinformationlocatedatLincoln.

title:	Bothwell Lodge State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mostateparks.com%2Fpark%2Fbothwell-lodge-state-historic-site
desc:	Acastle-likebuildingconstructedbetween1897and1928foraprominentSedalialawyer,JohnHomerBothwell,includesimageandgeneralinformationlocatedatSedalia.

title:	The Eugene Field House and St. Louis Toy Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eugenefieldhouse.org%2F
desc:	FormerhomeofpoetEugeneFieldincludesancollectionof19thcenturytoysandfurnishings.SaintLouis,Missouri.

title:	Felix Valle House State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mostateparks.com%2Fpark%2Ffelix-valle-house-state-historic-site
desc:	Builtin1818asanAmerican-Federalstyleresidenceandmercantilestore.Historyandlocation.LocatedinSte.Genevieve.

title:	Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mostateparks.com%2Fpark%2Fgen-john-j-pershing-boyhood-home-state-historic-site
desc:	ThehomeofoneofAmerica'shighestrankedmilitaryofficers.Historyandlocation.LocatedinLaclede.

title:	Guibourd-Valle House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stegenevievemissouri.com%2Fguibourdvallehouse.htm
desc:	History,phototour,events,anddirections.LocatedinSte.Genevieve.

title:	Harry S Truman National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fhstr%2F
desc:	Includesphotographs,briefintroduction,directions,schedule,andprintabletravelguide.LocatedinIndependence.

title:	Historic Daniel Boone Home & Heritage Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.danielboonehome.com%2F
desc:	Historicalinformation,photo,andlocation.LocatedinDefiance.

title:	Historic Samuel Cupples House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slu.edu%2Fsamuel-cupples-house
desc:	LocatedonthecampusofSaintLouisUniversity,isa44roomRichardsonianRomanesquemansioncompletedin1888.Includestouristinformation,andapictureofthemansion.LocatedinSt.Louis.

title:	Hunter-Dawson State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mostateparks.com%2Fpark%2Fhunter-dawson-state-historic-site
desc:	Briefdescriptionandlocationwithaphoto.LocatedinNewMadrid.

title:	Laura Ingalls Wilder Historic Home and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lauraingallswilderhome.com%2F
desc:	Mansfield,Missouri.

title:	The Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marktwainmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Visitorandtourinformation,events,educationresources,researchneeds,andcontactinformation.LocatedinHannibal.

title:	Patee House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ponyexpressjessejames.com%2F
desc:	Westernmuseum,previouslyahotelandponyexpressheadquarters.OneblockawayisJesseJames'homewherehewasshotandkilledbyafellowgangmember.Providesadmissiondetailsandmembershipbenefits.LocatedinSt.Joseph.

title:	Rockcliffe Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rockcliffemansion.com%2F
desc:	History,programsandactivities,specialevents,pictures,map,schedule,andcontactinformation.LocatedinHannibal.

title:	Thomas Hart Benton Home and Studio State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mostateparks.com%2Fpark%2Fthomas-hart-benton-home-and-studio-state-historic-site
desc:	Thehomeofarenownedpainter,sculptor,lecturerandwriter.Location.LocatedinKansasCity.

title:	The Vaile Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vailemansion.org%2F
desc:	BuiltbyColonelandMrs.HarveyVailein1881,containshistory,calendarofevents,mapanddirections,gallery,andgeneralinformationlocatedatIndependence.

title:	Bennett Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nchistoricsites.org%2Fbennett%2Fbennett.htm
desc:	AsimplefarmhouselocatedbetweenConfederateGeneralJohnston'sheadquartersinGreensboroandUnionGeneralSherman'sheadquartersinRaleighwholatermetandsignedsurrenderpapersin1865locatedatDurham.

title:	The Biltmore Estate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biltmore.com%2F
desc:	AshevillehomeoftheVanderbiltfamilytodayincludesgardens,awinery,historichorsebarnandaninn.

title:	Blandwood Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreservationgreensboro.org%2Fblandwood-mansion%2Fexplore-blandwood-mansion%2F
desc:	RestoredGreensborohomeofGovernorJohnMotleyMorehead,themansionwasdesignedbyAlexanderJacksonDavisandbuiltin1846.ItisAmerica'soldestItalianatevilla.

title:	Carl Sandburg Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fcarl%2F
desc:	HomeofCarlSandburg,nationallyrenownedpoet,biographer,folksinger,andlecturer.LocatedinFlatRock.

title:	Dr. Josephus Hall House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicsalisbury.org%2Ftours%2Fhall-house-tours
desc:	Builtasaschoolin1820,laterbecamearesidencein1825whenlocalbusinessmanMaxwellChambersandhishalf-sisterRebeccaTroypurchasedthehouseandmadeittheirhomelocatedatSalisbury.

title:	Historic Rosedale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicrosedale.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1815,RosedalePlantationanditsgardenshavebeenlovinglyrestoredandareopentothepublicfortours.

title:	Korners Folly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kornersfolly.org%2F
desc:	Offersvisitorinformation,photographsandacalendarofeventsforhistorichomelocatedinKernersville.

title:	North Carolina State Capital 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nchistoricsites.org%2Fcapitol%2Fstat_cap%2Ftour.htm
desc:	QueenAnnehometothestate'sgovernorssince1891.FreeadmissiontoseasonalopenhouseguidedtourslocatedatRaleigh.

title:	Reynolda House, Museum of American Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reynoldahouse.org%2F
desc:	HistorichousemuseumfilledwithmasterpiecesofAmericanartandsurroundedbyformalgardens,shopsandrestaurants.LocatedinWinston-Salem.

title:	Manship House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdah.ms.gov%2Fnew%2Fvisit%2Fmanship-house-museum%2F
desc:	CharlesHenryManship,CivilWarmayorofJackson,builthisGothicRevivalcottagevillain1857,ahomeinstrikingcontrasttotheGreekRevivalmansionsforwhichtheSouthwasfamed,includesimagesandgeneralinformation.

title:	Rowan Oak 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rowanoak.com%2F
desc:	TheoriginalfamilyhomeofWilliamFaulkner.Provideshistory,floorplansanddirections.Includesphotographsandvideos.

title:	Visit Beauvoir - Jefferson Davis Home and Presidential Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visitbeauvoir.org%2F
desc:	RetirementhomeoftheConfederatePresident,includesgiftshop,souvenirs,researchlibrary,gardens,familymuseum,ConfederateSoldiersMuseum,andgallerylocatedatBiloxi.

title:	Alden B. Dow Home and Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abdow.org%2F
desc:	NationalHistoricLandmarklocatedinMidland.Featuresthearchitecturalhistorypapersanddrawingsavailableforresearch,tourtimes,andcontactinformation.

title:	Henry Ford Estate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.henryfordestate.org%2F
desc:	Constructionofthe56roomFairLanebeganinFebruary1914andwascompletedbyJanuary1916,andincludesinformationonthehome,thefamily,programs,eventsandeducationalresourceswithagiftshoplocatedatDearborn.

title:	The Mann House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.michigan.gov%2Fmhc%2F0%2C4726%2C7-282-61080_62659---%2C00.html
desc:	Concord.StateparkthatfeaturesaVictorianhome,anddemonstrateslifeinthelate19thandearly20thcentury.

title:	Meadow Brook Hall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmeadowbrookhall.org%2F
desc:	ThefourthlargesthistorichousemuseumintheU.S.,renownedforitssuperbcraftsmanship,architecturaldetailingandgrandscale.Builtbetween1926and1929astheresidenceofMatildaDodgeWilsonandAlfredG.Wilson,the110-room,88,000-square-foot,Tudor-revivalstylemansioniscompletewithcollectionsoforiginalartandfurnishings.

title:	Alexander Ramsey House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.mnhs.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Falexander-ramsey-house
desc:	Briefdescriptionwithvisitorinformation,programs,fieldtrips,andupcomingevents.LocatedinSt.Paul.

title:	Folsom House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.mnhs.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Ffolsom-house
desc:	History,upcomingevents,andvisitorinformation.

title:	Glensheen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fglensheen.org%2F
desc:	A7.6acreestatebuiltbetween1905-08byChesterA.Congdon.Presentsthehistory,tours,activitiesandevents,news,calendar,andcontactinformation.LocatedinDeluth.

title:	Minnesota Historical Society - Charles A. Lindbergh Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.mnhs.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Fcharles-lindbergh-historic-site
desc:	Generalinformation,gallery,completearticle,andeventslocatedatLittleFalls.

title:	Minnesota Historical Society - Comstock House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.mnhs.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Fcomstock-house
desc:	An1882homebuiltbySolomonComstock,whoestablishedtheFirstNationalBankandMoorheadStateUniversityandhelpedJamesJ.HillbuildarailroadsystemintheRedRiverValleywithgeneralinformationandupcomingeventslocatedatMoorhead.

title:	Minnesota Historical Society - James J. Hill House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.mnhs.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Fjames-j-hill-house
desc:	Completedin1891,theredsandstoneresidencewasthesettingofthepublicandprivatelivesoftheHillfamily,includesfamilyinformation,gallery,andupcomingeventslocatedatSt.Paul.

title:	Rice County Historical Society - Alexander Faribault House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Frchistory.org%2Falexander-faribault-house%2F
desc:	BuiltintheGreekRevivalstylein1853foracostof$4000.00,includesbriefbiographyandgeneralinformationlocatedatFaribault.

title:	Sibley House Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.mnhs.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Fsibley-historic-site
desc:	OverviewfromtheMinnesotaHistoricalSocietyincludesphoto,map,contactinformation,eventscalendar,informationonadmissionfees.LocatedinMendota.

title:	W. W. Mayo House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.mnhs.org%2Fhistoric-sites%2Fww-mayo-house
desc:	Mayohand-builttheGothic-stylehomein1859andsetuphisfirstmedicalpracticeinaroomupstairs.Featuresvisitorinformationandupcomingevents.LocatedinLeSueur.

title:	Warden's House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wchsmn.org%2Fmuseums%2Fwardens-house-museum%2F
desc:	Builtin1853astheresidenceoftheMinnesotaTerritorialPrisonwarden.Photoandvisitorinformation.LocatedinStillwater.

title:	Castle Tucker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fcastle-tucker%2Fcastle-tucker
desc:	AFederal-stylemansionbuiltbyJudgeSilasLeein1807.Historicalandvisitorinformationwithphotos.LocatedinWiscasset.

title:	Hamilton House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fhamilton-house
desc:	Ahomebuiltc.1785nowanationalhistoriclandmark.Briefhistoryandvisitorinformationwithphotos.LocatedinSouthBerwick.

title:	History Museum House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skowheganhistoryhouse.org%2F
desc:	ListedintheNationalRegisterofHistoricPlaces,thehousewasdeededtothetownandservesasamuseum.Includesphotos.LocatedinSkowhegan.

title:	Marrett House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fmarrett-house%2Fmarrett-house
desc:	A1789homeonceownedbyDanielMarrett,aHarvardgraduate,desiringtobecomethetownparson.Historyandvisitorinformationwithphotos.LocatedinStandish.

title:	Nickels-Sortwell House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fnickels-sortwell-house%2Fnickels-sortwell-house
desc:	An1807homebuiltbyCaptainWilliamNickels,ashipownerandtrader.Includesbriefhistoryandvisitorinformationwithphotos.LocatedinWiscasset.

title:	Pejepscot Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpejepscothistorical.org%2F
desc:	InformationonthePejepscotMuseum,JoshuaL.ChamberlainMuseumandSkolfield-WhittierHouseMuseum,locatedinBrunswick.

title:	The Ruggles House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ruggleshouse.org%2F
desc:	AfederalstylehistorichousemuseuminColumbiaFalls,renownedfortheflyingstaircaseandintricatewoodworkbuilt1818.Featuresthehistory,phototour,newsletter,calendarofevents,andtourinformation.

title:	Sarah Orne Jewett House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fsarah-orne-jewett-house%2Fsarah-orne-jewett-house
desc:	TheformerhomeofwriterSarahOrneJewett.Historicalandvisitorinformationwithphotos.LocatedinSouthBerwick.

title:	Sayward-Wheeler House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fsayward-wheeler-house%2Fsayward-wheeler-house
desc:	Thehome(c.1718)ofJonathanSayward,alocalmerchantandcivicleader.Historyandvisitorinformationwithphotos.LocatedinYorkHarbor.

title:	Tate House 1755 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tatehouse.org%2F
desc:	AlargeandelegantdwellinginPortland,builtin1766,andopentothepublic.Featuresvirtualtour,history,calendarandgiftshop.ANationalHistoricLandmark.

title:	Wadsworth-Longfellow House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mainehistory.org%2Fhouse_overview.shtml
desc:	TheMaineHistoricalSocietyprovidesoverviewofthehousemuseum,hoursofoperationandphotos.LocatedinPortland.

title:	The Wilson Museum - John Perkins House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wilsonmuseum.org%2Fjohnperkins.html
desc:	Builtabout1763asaone-storyhouseonwhatisnowCourtStreet,includesaschedulelocatedatCastine.

title:	Woodlawn Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.woodlawnmuseum.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesthreehundredacreestateoftheCol.JohnBlack,builtin1824.Includesimagelibrary,events,andmembership.LocatedinEllsworth.

title:	Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fabli%2F
desc:	FocusesonhislifeandThomasLincoln'sSinkingSpringFarmwiththecabin.Includesphotosandvisitorinformation.AnofficialNationalParksServicesite.LocatednearHodgenville.

title:	Adsmore Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adsmore.org%2F
desc:	RestoredhomereflectsthelifestyleoftheprominentSmith-Garrettfamilyatthecloseofthe"GoldenAge."Providesinformationabouttours,schedules,agroupregistrationformanddrivingdirections.LocatedinPrinceton.

title:	Ashland: The Henry Clay Estate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.henryclay.org%2F
desc:	Featuresguidedtourof18-roommansion,6outbuildingsand1846cottage.FurnishedwithClayfamilyantiquesandothermemorabilia.Includeshousehistory,floorplan,photos,hours,ticketpricesanddirections.LocatedinLexington.

title:	Bodley-Bullock House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Flexington%2Fbod.htm
desc:	Builtc.1814forLexingtonMayorThomasPindell.Visitorinformationandphotos.

title:	Conrad-Caldwell House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=https%3A%2F%2Fconrad-caldwell.org%2F
desc:	RichardsonianRomanesquestylearchitecturehousewasbuiltforTheophilusConrad,whomadehisfortuneinthetanningbusiness.RestoredandownedbytheSt.JamesCourtHistoricFoundation.Includesvirtualtour,specialeventsandcontactform.LocatedinLouisville.

title:	Farmington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffarmingtonhistoricplantation.org%2F
desc:	A14-roomFederal-stylehomethatwasthecenterofthe19th-centuryhempplantationofJohnandLucySpeed.Includesscheduleandcalendarofevents.LocatedinLouisville.

title:	Hunt-Morgan House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Flexington%2Fhun.htm
desc:	HistoricallyknownasHopemont,wasbuiltbyJohnWesleyHuntin1814,knownasthefirstmillionairewestoftheAlleghenies.Visitorinformationandphotos.LocatedinLexington.

title:	Liberty Hall and the Orlando Brown House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.libertyhall.org%2F
desc:	Featurestwohouses:circa1796LibertyHallbuiltbyJohnBrown,oneofthefirstUnitedStatessenators,andtheOrlandoBrownHouse,circa1835,ownedbythesenator'syoungestson.Displaysoriginalfurniture,silver,china,brassandfamilyportraits.Includesevents,admissionrates,hoursanddirections.LocatedinFrankfort.

title:	Locust Grove 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.locustgrove.org%2F
desc:	Circa1790GeorgianmansionservedasthelasthomeofGeneralGeorgeRogersClark,RevolutionaryWarhero.Featurescraftedfurniture,portraits,prints,textiles,domesticobjectsandselectartifactsoriginallybelongingtotheClarkandCroghanfamilies.Includesevents,hours,admission,mapanddirections.LocatedinLouisville.

title:	Loudoun House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Flexington%2Flou.htm
desc:	AnexampleofGothicRevivalarchitectureinKentucky,reflectingtheRomanticMovementofthe1850s,areflectionofthesociallifestylesandopulenceoftheday.LocatedinLexington.

title:	Mary Todd Lincoln House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Flexington%2Fmtl.htm
desc:	AsimpletwostorybrickbuildingonWestMainStreetwashometoRobertS.Toddandhisfamily,includinghisdaughterMary,wifeofthe16thPresidentoftheUnitedStates,AbrahamLincoln.LocatedinLexington.

title:	McDowell House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcdowellhouse.com%2F
desc:	Provideshistorical,descendantandtouristinformation.Containshours,fees,anddirectionstolocationinDanville.

title:	Riverview at Hobson Grove 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bgky.org%2Friverview%2F
desc:	Ahilltophomethatbeganinthelate1850s,butwastemporarilyhaltedbytheCivilWarandfinallycompletedin1872withgeneralinformationanddirectionslocatedatBowlingGreen.

title:	Thomas Edison House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historichomes.org%2Fthomas-edison-house
desc:	HomeoftheinventorwhoworkedinLouisvilleasatelegrapherfrom1866-67.Featuressomeofhisinventions.Includeshours,rates,eventsanddirections.

title:	Waveland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Flexington%2Fwav.htm
desc:	AnexampleofGreekRevivalarchitectureconstructedbyJosephBryanin1845.Photoandvisitorinformation.

title:	Waveland Museum State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fparks.ky.gov%2Fparks%2Fhistoricsites%2Fwaveland%2F
desc:	Builtin1847byJosephBryan,agrandnephewofDanielBoone.Includesdetails,events,anddirections.LocatedinLexington.

title:	White Hall State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fparks.ky.gov%2Fparks%2Fhistoricsites%2Fwhite-hall%2F
desc:	FormerhomeofCassiusMarcellusClaywhowasanemancipationist,newspaperpublisher,MinistertoRussia,andfriendtoAbrahamLincoln.LocatedinRichmond.

title:	Clara Barton National Historic Site Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fclba%2F
desc:	Generalandvisitorinformation,tours,chronology,andphotogallery.LocatedinGlenEcho.

title:	Evergreen Museum & Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museums.jhu.edu%2Fevergreen.php
desc:	AnexampleofGildedAgearchitecturewasthehomeoftheGarrettfamily.Visitorinformation,events,andnews.LocatedinBaltimore.

title:	F. Brook Whiting Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thewhitinghouse.org%2F
desc:	A1911bungalowwithantiquefurnishings,artwork,andpotteryfromaroundtheworld.Includeshistoryandphotos.LocatedinCumberland.

title:	The Flag House and Star-Spangled Banner Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flaghouse.org%2F
desc:	The1793houseofMaryPickersgillwhomadetheflagthatflewatFortMcHenryinthe1814battle,includesagiftshop,andinformationforteachersandeventslocatedatBaltimore.

title:	Gordon-Roberts House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gordon-robertshouse.com%2F
desc:	TheSecondEmpirestylehomeisoperatedasahousemuseumillustratingthelifestyleofanupper-middleclassfamilyofthelate1800's.Includesphototourandspecialevents.LocatedinCumberland.

title:	Hammond-Harwood House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hammondharwoodhouse.org%2F
desc:	Builtforthe25-year-oldtobaccoplanterMatthiasHammond,andcontainsinformationoncollections,events,andfieldtripswithagiftshoplocatedatAnnapolis.

title:	Hampton National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fhamp%2F
desc:	Ahomewhenfinishedin1790,wasthelargesthouseintheUnitedStates.Generalandvisitorinformation.LocatedinTowson.

title:	The Beauregard-Keyes House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bkhouse.org%2F
desc:	Homebuiltin1826forwealthyauctioneerJosephLeCarpentier.Photosandvisitorinformation.LocatedinNewOrleans.

title:	Biedenharn Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1913byJosephA.BiedenharnwhenthefamilymovedtoMonroefromVicksburg,Mississippiwith10roomsavailableforthetour.

title:	Destrehan Planation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.destrehanplantation.org%2F
desc:	TheoldestdocumentedplantationhouseinthelowerMississippiValley.Offerstours,privateevents,giftshop,andhistoryinformation.LocatedinDestrehan.

title:	Edgar Degas House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.degashouse.com%2F
desc:	ThehomeofthefamedFrenchImpressionistmasterduringhistimeinNewOrleansfrom1872to1873.Includesphotosandvisitorinformation.

title:	Hermann-Grima/Gallier Historic Houses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hgghh.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformationforbothhomes,virtualtour,andexhibitslocatedatNewOrleans.

title:	Kent Plantation House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kenthouse.org%2F
desc:	AclassicexampleofFrenchcolonialarchitecturec.1796standingontheoriginallandgrantfromtheKingofSpaintoPierreBaillioIIwithimagesandinformationontourslocatedatAlexandria.

title:	Longue Vue House and Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Flonguevue.com%2F
desc:	AcityestatewithaClassicalRevival-stylemansionsurroundedbyeightacresofbreathtakinglylandscapedgardens.Includesphotosandvisitorinformation.LocatedinNewOrleans.

title:	Oak Alley Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oakalleyplantation.com%2F
desc:	AntebellumMississippiRivermansioninVacherie.Describespropertyhistory,tours,accommodations,restaurant,giftcatalog,ghostsightingsandareaattractionsusingtext,photos,map,directions,eventscalendarandlinks.

title:	1907 Queen Anne Victorian House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goodlandnet.com%2Fhistory%2F1907_victorian_house.htm
desc:	Builtduringatimeofearlyprosperityin1907bythewidowofWilliamEnnis.Historicalinformationandphotos.LocatedinGoodland.

title:	Amelia Earhart Birthplace Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ameliaearhartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Overviewofthemuseum,locationandhours,biographyoftheaviator,newsclipsandfactslocatedatAtchison.

title:	Carroll Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leavenworthhistory.org%2F
desc:	AhomeconstructedbyJohnMcCulloughin1867andnowownedbytheLeavenworthCountyHistoricalSociety,containsinformationonschedulesandevents.

title:	Cottonwood Ranch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kshs.org%2Fp%2Fcottonwood-ranch%2F19571
desc:	Constructedfrom1885to1896byJohnFentonPratt,asuccessfulsheeprancherandbusinessman,andincludesimages,tour,andhistorylocatedinStudley.

title:	Dorothy's House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dorothyshouse.com%2F
desc:	A1907homerestoredandfurnishedtoreplicatethehouseshowninthemovieTheWizardofOz.LocatedinLiberal.

title:	Goodnow House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kshs.org%2Fp%2Fgoodnow-house%2F19573
desc:	Builtinthe1860sbyIsaacGoodnowandfurnishedwithmanyfamilybelongings,thehomereflectsdomesticlifeinthelate1800s,andincludeshistoryandimageslocatedatManhattan.

title:	Grinter Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kshs.org%2Fp%2Fgrinter-place%2F19564
desc:	OverlookingthehistoricDelawareCrossingoftheOregon-CaliforniaTrailontheKansasRiverwashomeofMosesandAnnieGrinterbuiltin1862,andcomprisesofimagesandhistorylocatedatKansasCity.

title:	Walter P. Chrysler: Boyhood Home and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ellis.ks.us%2FChrysler%2Fchrysler.html
desc:	HometothefounderoftheChryslerCorporation.Photosandvisitorinformation.LocatedinEllis.

title:	Alden House Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alden.org%2F
desc:	HomeofJohnandPriscillaAldenwasbuiltin1627.Includeshistoryofhomeandfamily,virtualtour,hours,admissionfees,seasonalschedule,directionsandmap.LocatedinDuxbury.

title:	Ashley House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thetrustees.org%2Fplaces-to-visit%2Fberkshires%2Fashley-house.html
desc:	Builtin1735,istheoldesthouseinBerkshireCounty.Propertydescription,facilities,tours,andvisitorinformation.LocatedinSheffield.

title:	Bidwell House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bidwellhousemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Georgiansaltboxoriginallybuiltcirca1750asaparsonage.Collectionsincludeearly19thcenturyfurniture,quilts,needlework,silver,baskets,rugs,artworkandotherfurnishings.Monterey.

title:	Cogswell's Grant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fcogswells-grant
desc:	ThesummerhomeofBertramK.andNinaFletcherLittle,preeminentcollectorsofAmericandecorativeartsinthemid20thcentury.Featuresavirtualtourandvisitorinformation.LocatedinEssex.

title:	Emily Dickinson Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emilydickinsonmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ConsistsoftwohistorichousesinthecenterofAmherst,Massachusetts,closelyassociatedwiththepoetEmilyDickinsonandmembersofherfamily.Offersinformationontours,hours,andadmissions.

title:	Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Ffrla%2F
desc:	OlmstedmovedhishometosuburbanBostonin1883andestablishedat"Fairsted,"theworld'sfirstfull-scaleprofessionalofficeforthepracticeoflandscapedesign.

title:	Gibson House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thegibsonhouse.org%2F
desc:	1859brownstonehouseinBackBayneighborhoodfeaturesVictoriantextiles,furniture,porcelainandpaintings.Includeshistoryofthehouse,virtualtour,scheduleofevents,hoursofoperation,admissionfee,locationmapandcontactinformation.LocatedinBoston.

title:	Gore Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goreplace.org%2F
desc:	Features45acresoflawns,fieldsandgardensandan1806mansion.Includesguidedtours,historicaldetails,educationalprograms,calendarofevents,memberships,hours,admissionfees,directions.LocatedinWaltham.

title:	The House of the Seven Gables 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.7gables.org%2F
desc:	Housesmorethan2,000artifactsandobjects,framedworks,500photographsandglassplatenegatives,andover650volumesinresearchandrarebooklibrary.Includeshours,admission,calendarofevents,membership,employmentanddirections.LocatedinSalem.

title:	John Fitzgerald Kennedy National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fjofi%2F
desc:	Descriptionofbirthplaceandboyhoodhomeofthe35thPresidentoftheUnitedStates.Alsoprovidesinformationonfacilities,activitiesandhowtogettothesite,locatedinBrookline.

title:	Keep Homestead Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keephomesteadmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ThehomeoftheKeepfamilyfor150years.Viewpossessions,inroomsreflectingtheirlives.Featuresbuttoncollection,workinoil,watercolorandceramics,needlework,rocksandminerals.Includeshoursanddirections.LocatedinMonson.

title:	Longfellow National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Flong%2F
desc:	OverviewofthehomeofHenryWadsworthLongfellow,alongwithinformationonthefacilityandhowtoreachitsCambridgelocation.

title:	Longyear Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.longyear.org%2F
desc:	HistoricdocumentationandartifactualmaterialonMaryBakerEddy'slifeandachievements,andthoseofherearlyfollowers.LocatedinChestnutHill.

title:	Longyear Museum: Historic Houses: Amesbury, Massachusetts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.longyear.org%2Fhistoric-houses%2Famesbury-massachusetts
desc:	Featuresanarticleofthehomeanddirections.

title:	Longyear Museum: Historic Houses: Stoughton, Massachusetts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.longyear.org%2Fhistoric-houses%2Fstoughton-massachusetts-0
desc:	Includesphototour,article,anddirections.

title:	Longyear Museum: Historic Houses: Swampscott, Massachusetts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.longyear.org%2Fhistoric-houses%2Fswampscott-massachusetts-0
desc:	Featuresanarticleanddirections.

title:	The Nichols House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nicholshousemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offersauniqueglimpseinto19thandearly20thcenturyBostonianlifeinahistoricBeaconHilltownhouse.Featuresnewsofevents,history,newsletters,anddirections.LocatedinBoston.

title:	Orchard House - Home of the Alcotts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.louisamayalcott.org%2F
desc:	NineteenthcenturymuseumhomeofLouisaMayAlcott,writerofLittleWomenandoftheAlcottfamily,inConcord.

title:	The Paul Revere House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paulreverehouse.org%2F
desc:	TheoldestsurvivinghouseinBoston,preservedasamuseumtothesilversmithandpatriotrider.Featuresabiography,visitorinformation,events,andprograms.LocatedinBoston.

title:	The Shirley-Eustis House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shirleyeustishouse.org%2F
desc:	TheonlyremainingcountryhouseinAmericabuiltbyaBritishRoyalColonialGovernor.Presentsbackgroundinformation,calendarofevents,tourinformation,anddirections.LocatedinRoxbury.

title:	The Stephen Phillips House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnewengland.org%2Fhistoric-properties%2Fhomes%2Fphillips-house%2Fphillips-house%2F
desc:	LocatedinSalem,thisFederalstylemansionincludesafamilycollectionthatspansfivegenerations.

title:	Wenham Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wenhammuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featurescirca1690Claflin-RichardsHousewiththreecenturiesofarchitecture,furnishingsandartifacts,adollandtoycollection,modeltrainroom,andcostumeandtextilegallery.Includesdetailsofcollections,hours,admission,membershipsandvolunteeropportunities,events,programsanddirections.

title:	The Willard House and Clock Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.willardhouse.org%2F
desc:	Includescalendarofevents,virtualtour,museumshopandmembershipinformation.LocatedinNorthGrafton.

title:	The McConnell Mansion Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latahcountyhistoricalsociety.org%2F
desc:	Ahomecompletedin1886fortheWilliamJ.McConnellfamily,alsoknownasPokerBillandasMerchantPrinceofIdaho,andincludesastore,publicationsandhourslocatedinMoscow.

title:	Staff House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.staffhousemuseum.com%2F
desc:	Constructedin1906bytheBunkerHillandSullivanMiningandConcentratingCompanyastheresidenceforManagerStanleyA.Eastonandhisbride,EstelleGreenough,andincludesschedule,history,exhibits,thingstodo,andgiftshoplocatedatKellogg.

title:	Hulihe'e Palace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FHawaii&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.daughtersofhawaii.com%2Fhuliheepalace
desc:	ThevacationresidenceofHawaiianroyaltyandnowoperatedbytheDaughtersofHawai'i,andisashowplaceofbeautifulfurnitureandfascinatingartifactslocatedatKailua-Kona.

title:	Iolani Palace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FHawaii&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iolanipalace.org%2F
desc:	TheofficialresidenceofKingKalakauaandQueenLili`uokalani,thelastmonarchsofHawai`i.

title:	Lyman Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FHawaii&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lymanmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Theoldestwoodenstructure,late1830s,ontheIslandofHawai`iandoneoftheoldestintheStateandfeaturesfurniture,tools,householditemsandartifacts,andincludesexhibits,archives,generalinformation,andgiftshoplocatedatHilo.

title:	Mission Houses Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FHawaii&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missionhouses.org%2F
desc:	Ahistorichousemuseumoftheearly19th-centurywithalibraryandgiftshop.Annualeventsincludecraftfairs,quiltexhibitions,andlivinghistoryevents.LocatedinHonolulu.

title:	The Andrew Low House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andrewlowhouse.com%2F
desc:	In1847thewealthycottonfactorAndrewLowchoseJohnNorristodesignahouseandmovedintohisgrandnewhousein1849,includesfamilyhistorylocatedatSavannah.

title:	The Georgia Trust - Rhodes Hall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.georgiatrust.org%2Fhistoric_sites%2Frhodeshall%2F
desc:	Builtin1904,itwasoriginallytheresidenceofRhodesFurniturefounderAmosRhodes,andincludesinformationonthemuseumandeventslocatedatAtlanta.

title:	The Hay House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.georgiatrust.org%2Fhistoric_sites%2Fhayhouse%2F
desc:	LocatedinMaconandbuiltinthelate1850sinanelaborateItalianatestylebyentrepreneurWilliamJohnston.Featuresevents,tourhours,anddirections.

title:	Herndon Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.herndonhome.org%2F
desc:	ThehomeofAlonzoHerndon,nowamuseumandNationalHistoricLandmark.LocatedinAtlanta.

title:	Holliday-Dorsey-Fife House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hdfhouse.com%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,news,events,andgalleries.LocatedinFayetteville.

title:	Margaret Mitchell House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atlantahistorycenter.com%2Fexplore%2Fdestinations%2Fmargaret-mitchell-house
desc:	Featuresphotographsandarchivalexhibitsthattellthestoryoftheauthoroftheclassicnovel,"GoneWithTheWind".Includesdetailsofdisplays,upcomingevents,historyofthehouse,photos,hours,ticketprices,membershipanddirections.LocatedinAtlanta.

title:	Mercer Williams House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mercerhouse.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesatourofhomedesignedbyarchitectJohnNorrisforGeneralHughMercer,greatgrandfatherofJohnnyMercerandconstructedinthe1860s.Features18thand19thcenturyfurniture,portraits,drawingsandChineseexportporcelain.LocatedinSavannah.

title:	Oak Hill and the Martha Berry Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berry.edu%2Foakhill%2F
desc:	ExhibitsinaColonialrevivalhometellthestoryofMarthaBerryandBerryCollegethroughevents,exhibitionsandeducationalprogramming.IncludesacalendarofeventsandagiftshopinMountBerry.

title:	The Old Governor's Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gcsu.edu%2Fmansion%2F
desc:	Featuresevents,tours,historicalandrestorationimages,andeducationalresources.LocatedinMilledgeville.

title:	William Harris Homestead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harrishomestead.com%2F
desc:	Heritageeducation,depicts19thcenturylife,localcivilwarre-enactors,historicalandeducationaltours.LocatedinMonroe.

title:	Barker Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barkermansion.com%2F
desc:	Theformerresidence,builtin1857,oflocalmillionaire-industrialist,JohnH.Barker,whobuilttheHaskellandBarkerRailroadCarCompany,whichlaterbecamePullman-Standard.LocatedinMichiganCity.

title:	Culbertson Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianamuseum.org%2Fculbertson-mansion-state-historic-site
desc:	Homebuiltin1867withadescriptionanddirections.LocatedinNewAlbany.

title:	Dr. James Ford Historic Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.drfordhome.org%2F
desc:	Arestored1870shomeandpracticeatWabashwithinformationonthehistory,currentviews,location,events,andnewsletter.

title:	Gaar Mansion and Farm Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waynet.org%2Fnonprofit%2Fgaar_mansion.htm
desc:	ArestoredVictorianstylemansionbuiltin1876withmanyoriginalfurnishingsandfeatures.Featuresphotos.LocatedinRichmond.

title:	Gene Stratton-Porter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianamuseum.org%2Fgsp
desc:	HistoryonthehouseprovidedbyIndianaStateMuseumandHistoricSites.LocatedinRomeCity.

title:	Grouseland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grouselandfoundation.org%2F
desc:	HistoryofWilliamHenryHarrison'shomeasthefirstgovernoroftheIndianaTerritory.Pictures,tourinformationandeventschedules.LocatedinVincennes.

title:	Hillforest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hillforest.org%2F
desc:	HomeofindustrialistandfinancierThomasGaffandhisfamilybetween1855and1891anddesignatedaNationalHistoricLandmark.Includeshistory,events,informationabouttours,membershipanddirections.LocatedinAurora.

title:	Brucemore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brucemore.org%2F
desc:	NationalTrustHistoricSitefeaturesamuseum,atwenty-oneroommansion,andacommunityculturalcenterontwenty-sixacres.Includesinformationforvisitors,events,exhibitandmembershipdetails,educationalprograms,anditshistory.LocatedinCedarRapids.

title:	Cedar Rock 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iowadnr.gov%2FDestinations%2FStateParksRecAreas%2FIowasStateParks%2FParkDetails.aspx%3FParkID%3D3%26idAdminBoundary%3D176
desc:	AnexampleofasimplifiedstyleofhouseFrankLloydWrightdevelopedandcalledUsonianownedbybusinessmanLowellWalter.Includeshomeandvisitorinformation.LocatedinQuasqueton.

title:	The Farm House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museums.iastate.edu%2FFarm%2520House.html
desc:	Afourteen-roomstructurewasthefirstbuildingontheIowaStatecampusbegunin1860.Includesinformationonthecollection,educationresources,andphotos.LocatedinAmes.

title:	Hitchcock House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hitchcockhouse.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1851byRev.GeorgeHitchcock.ThesecretroominthebasementwasusedtohiderunawayslavesontheUndergroundRailroad.Includeshours,events,resourcelinks,familyhistoryandcontacts.LocatedinLewis.

title:	Hoyt Sherman Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoytsherman.org%2F
desc:	Agrandmanorhomebuiltin1877byHoytShermanisnowamuseumandperformingartscenterwithinformationonevents,tours,andrestorationupdateslocatedatDesMoines.

title:	The Scholte House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pellahistorical.org%2F%3Fpage_id%3D1202
desc:	Ahomeconstructedin1848byDominieScholte,aDutchman,withinformationonthehistory,tours,directions,events,andgallerylocatedatPella.

title:	Wallace House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwallace.org%2Fwallace-house%2F
desc:	AnItalianateVictorian-stylehousebuiltin1882.Includesinformationonmuseum,historyofthehome,exhibits,andphotos.LocatedinDesMoines.

title:	C.H. Moore Homestead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chmoorehomestead.org%2F
desc:	Constructionwascompletedin1867byJohnandMinervaMooreBishop,prosperousgrainandlumberdealerinClinton,andincludesimages,activities,andgiftshoplocatedatClinton.

title:	Dana-Thomas House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dana-thomas.org%2F
desc:	HistoryofthehousebuiltbyFrankLloydWright,providesavirtualtourandpicturesofthefamoushouse.IncludesinformationaboutthePrairieStyleinfluence,tourschedules,specialevents,andtheLawrenceMemorialLibrarywhichWrightbuiltinalocalschool.LocatedinSpringfield.

title:	David Davis Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdaviddavismansion.org%2F
desc:	FeaturestheVictorianhomeofJudgeDavidDavis,afriendofAbrahamLincoln.Includestourinformation,events,memberships,programs,volunteerism,anewsletter,anddirectionstothelocationinBloomington.

title:	Ellwood House and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ellwoodhouse.org%2F
desc:	BuiltbybarbedwiremillionaireIsaacL.Ellwoodin1879,andincludesvisitorinformation,calendarofevents,guidedtour,programs,andhistoryofbarbedwirelocatedatDeKalb.

title:	The Ernest Hemingway Foundation of Oak Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehfop.typepad.com%2F
desc:	The1890birthplaceoftheauthorthatincludesaphotographictourofthehome,informationaboutthemuseumandlivetours,volunteering,andcurrentandpastevents.

title:	Farnsworth House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.farnsworthhouse.org%2F
desc:	AsteelandglassmasterpiecedesignedbyLudwigMiesvanderRohein1951,andincludesvisitorinformation,tours,photos,historyandashoplocatedinPlano.

title:	The Frances Willard Historical Association - The Frances Willard House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.franceswillardhouse.org%2F
desc:	ThehomeofFrancesWillard,oneofthemostprominentsocialreformersin19thcenturyAmerica,fromitsconstructionin1865untilherdeathin1898withabriefbiographyandprogramslocatedatEvanston.

title:	Frank Lloyd Wright Home & Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fflwright.org%2Fresearchexplore%2Fhomeandstudio
desc:	History,tourinformation,anddirections.LocatedinChicago.

title:	Glessner House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fglessnerhouse.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinChicago,GlessnerHousewasfinishedin1887,oneyearafterthearchitect,HenryHobsonRichardson'sdeath.

title:	Heber C. Kimball Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.lds.org%2Flocations%2Fheber-c-kimball-nauvoo-home%3Flang%3Deng%26_r%3D1
desc:	Abrickhomeconstructedin1845withmapslocatedatNauvoo.

title:	Jane Addams Hull-House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hullhousemuseum.org%2F
desc:	NationalHistoricLandmarkoffersitshours,publicprogramsandspecialevents,astaffdirectory,anddirectionstoChicagolocation.

title:	Jarrot Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjarrotmansion.org%2F
desc:	Anearlynineteenthcenturymansion.Featuresagallery,calendarofevents,andnews.LocatedinCahokia.

title:	Kruse House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkrusehousemuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinWestChicago,Illinois,isoperatedbytheWestChicagoHistoricalSociety.TheKruseHouseMuseum,builtin1917isanexampleof"foursquare"architecture.

title:	Lincoln Home National Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fliho%2F
desc:	Tourschedule,phonenumbers,directions,kidsprograms,specialevents,andhistoricalinformationaboutAbrahamLincoln'sonlyhome,hisfamily,andtheneighborhood.Offersavirtualtourofthehome.LocatedinSpringfield.

title:	Lincoln Log Cabin State Historic Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lincolnlogcabin.org%2F
desc:	The1840shomeofThomasandSarahBushLincolnisnowan86-acrelivinghistoryfarmrunbytheIllinoisHistoricPreservationAgency,whichincludesareplicaoftheLincolnlogcabinandtwootherfarmhousesoftheperiod.Onlinemovie.

title:	Robie House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fflwright.org%2Fresearchexplore%2Frobiehouse
desc:	Designatedasthecornerstoneofmodernarchitecture,the1909homeexemplifiesWright'sPrairiestyle.Withitssweepinghorizontallines,dramaticoverhangingroofs,andfree-flowinginteriorspaces,thisbuildingchangedthecourseofAmericanarchitecturalhistory.LocatedinChicago.

title:	Tinker Swiss Cottage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tinkercottage.com%2F
desc:	BusinessmanRobertH.Tinkerbuiltthe20roomhomein1865.Informationonprograms,events,restoration,andmuseumstore.LocatedinRockford.

title:	US Grant Historic Sites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.granthome.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationandpicturesaboutPresidentGrant'shome,MarketHouseandWashburneHouse.

title:	Alfred B. Maclay State Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.floridastateparks.org%2Fpark%2FMaclay-Gardens
desc:	SetonahillsidewithasweepoflawnslopingdowntoLakeHall,wasthesouthernretreatbuiltin1905through1909atTallahasseebytheAlfredBarmoreMaclayfamily,andincludesamap,sight,history,trails,andgeneralinformation.

title:	Bonnet House Museum and Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bonnethouse.org%2F
desc:	Informationprovidedoncollection,exhibits,events,toursandmembership.LocatedinFortLauderdale.

title:	The Ernest Hemingway Home and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hemingwayhome.com%2F
desc:	Thehousewasbuiltin1851byAsaTift,amarinearchitectandsalvagewrecker,andcontainsabrochure,tourrates,directions,andabookandgiftshoplocatedatKeyWest.

title:	Gibson Tenement Houses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nbbd.com%2Fnpr%2Fpreservation%2FGibsonHouses%2F
desc:	Historyofthehousesandfamilywithagallery.LocatedinTitusville.

title:	Harry S. Truman Little White House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trumanlittlewhitehouse.com%2F
desc:	Homeandmuseum.History,photosandlocationinformation.Trumanlinks.LocatedinKeyWest.

title:	Historic Haile Homestead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hailehomestead.org%2F
desc:	History,listingofenslavedpeople,thetalkingwalls,toursandfunctions,newsandevents,newsletter,photos,anddirections.LocatedinGainesville.

title:	Jupiter Inlet Lighthouse and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjupiterlighthouse.org%2F
desc:	Offersclimbingtoursofthelighthouse,builtin1860.Includesinformationabouttheirhoursofadmissionandsafetytips,acalendarofevents,andasectionaboutthehistoryoftheareafromearlynativeAmericansthroughtoWorldWarII.

title:	Kingsley Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Ftimu%2Fhistoryculture%2Fkp.htm
desc:	Generalandvisitorinformationwithphotos.LocatedonFortGeorgeIslandinJacksonville.

title:	Kingsley Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Fgeo-flor%2F21.htm
desc:	Historicalinformationwithamapandphoto.LocatedonFortGeorgeIslandinJacksonville.

title:	Museum of Florida History: The Knott House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumoffloridahistory.com%2Fabout%2Fsites%2F
desc:	Constructedin1843.Provideshistory,photographsandadmissiontimes.

title:	Powel Crosley Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.powelcrosleymuseum.com%2F
desc:	ThisMediterranean-stylemansionwasrenovatedbyManateeCountywhichoperatesitasameeting,conference,andeventvenue.Includesitshistory,photos,rentals,rates,anddirectionstoSarasotalocation.

title:	Pritchard House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nbbd.com%2Fgodo%2FPritchardHouse%2F
desc:	Informationonthehome,family,propertyandoutbuildings,projectsrestoration,andgallery.LocatedinTitusville.

title:	Stranahan House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stranahanhouse.org%2F
desc:	History,upcomingevents,virtualtour,educationprograms,andvisitorinformation.LocatedinFt.Lauderdale.

title:	Vizcaya Museum and Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvizcaya.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesanItalianRenaissance-stylevillaandformalgardensbuiltin1916asthewinterresidenceofindustrialistJamesDeering.Containshours,acalendarofevents,ahistory,membershipandvolunteeropportunities,anddirectionstoMiamilocation.

title:	West Volusia Historical Society - DeLand House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delandhouse.com%2F
desc:	Builtin1886forDeLand'sfirstattorney,ArthurGeorgeHamlin,includeshistory,giftshop,galleryandinformation.

title:	Greene County Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgreenecountymuseum.com%2F
desc:	RestoredhomeofformergovernorJ.MarionFutrell.Roomsrepresentanaspectofthecounty'shistory.Includesvisitinginformation,eventsandpicturegallery.

title:	Peel Mansion Museum and Heritage Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peelcompton.org%2Fpeel%2F
desc:	ColonelPeel,pioneerbusinessman,IndianagentandConfederatesoldier,wasthefirstnativebornArkansantoserveintheU.S.CongressbuilttheItalianateMansionandwasaworkingfarmsurroundedby180acresofappletreeslocatedatBentonville.

title:	Boulder History - Harbeck-Bergheim House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fboulderhistory.org%2Fharbeck-bergheim-house%2F
desc:	Builtin1899-1900byJ.H.Harbeckandhiswife,KatherineArdellHammellHarbeck,andhousestheBoulderMuseumofHistory.

title:	Cozens Ranch Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgrandcountyhistory.org%2Fmuseums%2Fcozens-ranch-museum%2F
desc:	IncludesphotographsofearlylifeintheFraserValley.

title:	Hamill House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicgeorgetown.org%2Fhamill-house.html
desc:	OriginallypropertywasbuiltbyJosephWatsonin1867andlaterremodeledandvastlyenlargedbyhisBritishbrother-in-lawWilliamArthurHamillin1879,includesimagesandfamilyinformationlocatedatGeorgetown.

title:	Historic Georgetown, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicgeorgetown.org%2F
desc:	ResidentialinterpretationoftheGeorgetown-SilverPlumeNationalHistoricLandmarkDistrictincludesHamillHouse,Bowman-WhiteHouse,KneiselHouse,Tucker-RutherfordCottageandtheJohnsonLogCabin.

title:	History Colorado: Healy House Museum and Dexter Cabin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historycolorado.org%2Fmuseums%2Fhealy-house-museum-dexter-cabin
desc:	JamesV.Dexter'ssurprisinglyplush1879logcabinandAugustR.Meyer's1878GreekRevivalclapboardhouse(nowcalledHealyHouse),andincludesgeneralinformation,exhibitions,programsandstorelocatedatLeadville.

title:	History Colorado: History of the House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historycolorado.org%2Fmuseums%2Fhistory-house
desc:	Builtin1883byRockyMountainNewspublisherWilliamsByers.Providesashortarticleabouttheirlivesthere.

title:	Molly Brown House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmollybrown.org%2F
desc:	Learnaboutthelifeandtimesof"Unsinkable"MollyBrowninherrestoredVictorianhomeinDenver,Colorado.

title:	Rosemount Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Frosemount.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1893,the37roommansionwashometotheJohnA.andMargaretThatcherfamilyandnamedforMrs.Thatcher'sfavoriteflower,andincludestoursandlocales,eventsandcalendarlocatedatPueblo.

title:	Cullman County Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cullmancountymuseum.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinareplicaoftheoriginalhomeofColonelJohnG.Cullman,founderofthecityandcounty,andfeatureseightroomsonthemainfloorfilledwithitemsrelatedtothecity'shistory.

title:	Adamson House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parks.ca.gov%2F%3Fpage_id%3D672
desc:	A1920smissionrevivalmansionwithvisitorinformationandphotos.LocatedinMalibu.

title:	Adamson House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adamsonhouse.org%2F
desc:	AclassicMalibuhomewasbuiltin1930forRhodaRindgeAdamsonandherhusband,MerrittHuntleyAdamsonwithtourandscheduleinformation.

title:	Bidwell Mansion State Historic Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parks.ca.gov%2F%3Fpage_id%3D460
desc:	Athreestory,26roomVictorianhousebuiltbytheJohnandAnnieBidwellfamilywithgeneralinformationandparkfacilitieslocatedatChico.

title:	Dunsmuir Hellman House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dunsmuir-hellman.org%2F
desc:	Anillustratedhistoryofthemansionbuiltin1899byAlexanderDunsmuirinOakland,anddesignedbySanFranciscoarchitectJ.EugeneFreeman.

title:	The Gamble House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gamblehouse.org%2F
desc:	ExampleofAmericanArtsandCraftsarchitecture,designedbyCharlesandHenryGreenein1908.History,biographiesofthearchitects,virtualtourandvisitorinformation.

title:	The General Phineas Banning Residence Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthebanningmuseum.org%2F
desc:	MuseumatthehomeofPhineasBanning.Includeshistorywrittenasanadventurestory,museumhoursandmerchandisecatalog.LocatedinWilmington.

title:	The Glendale Historical Society: Doctors' House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glendalehistorical.org%2Fabout-the-doctors-house%2F
desc:	AnauthenticallyrestoredQueenAnne-Eastlakestylehomebuiltabout1888,includinghistoricalinformationandschedule.LocatedinGlendale.

title:	The Harris-Lass Museum House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.harrislass.org%2F
desc:	An1860shomewithhistoricalandvisitorinformation,includingphotos.LocatedinSantaClara.

title:	The Hayes Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Fsantaclara%2Fhay.htm
desc:	A41,000squarefoot,60-roomMediterranean-stylestructurebuiltin1905,andonceintendedtobetheresidenceofwealthyfaithhealerMaryHayesChynoweth.LocatedinSanJose.

title:	Hearst Castle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hearstcastle.org%2F
desc:	WilliamRandolphHearst'sfamousestate,nowastatehistoricalmonument,andincludestoursandticketinformation,history,andlocalparkslocatedinSanSimeon.

title:	Hellman-Ehrman Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parks.ca.gov%2F%3Fpage_id%3D991
desc:	Ahomebuiltandcompletedin1903bySanFranciscobusinessmanI.W.HellmanwithgeneralinformationlocatedatSugarPinePointStatePark.

title:	Kelley House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kelleyhousemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Constructedin1861byWilliamH.KelleywithimagesandgeneralinformationlocatedatMendocino.

title:	Leonis Adobe Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leonisadobemuseum.org%2F
desc:	HomeofMiguelLeonis,oneofthearea'searlylandsettlers,builtin1844.Providesvisitorinformationandlocalhistorylinks.LocatedinCalabasas.

title:	Luther Burbank Home and Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parks.sonoma.net%2Fburbank.html
desc:	Alivinghistorymuseumwithhousetours.SantaRosa,California.

title:	Meux Home Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meux.mus.ca.us%2F
desc:	Housebuiltin1888byDoctorT.R.Meux,Confederatesurgeon,whohadcometoFresnofromTennesseetheyearbeforewithgeneralinformationandimages.

title:	Newland House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stockteam.com%2Fnewland.html
desc:	An1898Victorianfarmhousewithgeneralinformation,directions,andphotos.LocatedinHuntingtonBeach.

title:	The Peralta Adobe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistorysanjose.org%2Fwp%2Fplan-your-visit%2Fperalta-fallon-historic-site%2F
desc:	Builtbefore1800,theoldestbuildinginSanJoseaswellastheonlyremainingstructurefromtheoriginalPueblodeGuadalupe.

title:	Rancho Camulos Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ranchocamulos.org%2F
desc:	A40acreNationalHistoricLandmark,situatedwithinan1800acreworkingranch.Piru,California.

title:	The Rengstorff House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.r-house.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1867,istheoldesthouseinMountainViewandanexampleofVictorianItalianatearchitecture.

title:	The Whaley House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whaleyhouse.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinOldTown,SanDiego.Completedin1857,itwasacclaimedasthefinestnewbrickblockinSouthernCalifornia.

title:	William S. Hart Ranch and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	PublicmuseumintheformerhomeandranchofsilentfilmcowboystaranddirectorWilliamHart,containsoriginalfurnishings,acollectionofwesternart,mementosofearlyHollywoodandNativeAmericanartifacts.

title:	Avery-Copp House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.averycopphouse.org%2F
desc:	Builtc.1800onthebanksoftheThamesRiverinGroton.Informationonexhibitsandeventsprovided.

title:	House of Wickersham 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlaska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdnr.alaska.gov%2Fparks%2Funits%2Fwickrshm.htm
desc:	Historyofthehomeandabiographicalsketch.LocatedinJuneau.

title:	Bonelli House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mohavemuseum.org%2Fbonel.html
desc:	VisitturnofthecenturyArizonaattherestoredandpreservedhomeinKingman.

title:	L. Ron Hubbard's House at Camelback 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lronhubbard.org%2Fhouses%2Fphoenix%2F
desc:	Description,photos,andlocation.LocatedinPhoenix.

title:	Muheim Heritage House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amdest.com%2Faz%2Fbisbee%2Fmuheim.html
desc:	BuiltbyJosephandCarmelitaMuheimbeginningin1898andcompletedin1915,andcomprisesofimagesandmaplocatedinBisbee.

title:	Rosson House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FHistoric_Houses%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fheritagesquarephx.org%2F
desc:	Abeautifullyrestored1895historicbuiltforDoctorRolandRossonandhisfamily,andcomprisesoftours,activities,events,andimageslocatedatPhoenix.

title:	Karpeles Manuscript Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rain.org%2F%7Ekarpeles%2F
desc:	ThisisaMuseumholdingthelargestprivatecollectionoforiginalmanuscriptsanddocumentsintheworld.LocationsinBuffalo,Charleston,Duluth,Jacksonville,Newburgh,SantaBarbara,Tacoma.

title:	Oil and Gas Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.little-mountain.com%2Foilandgasmuseum%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothehistoryoftheoilandgasindustriesinWestVirginiaandOhio.Includesnews,directionsandmembershipinformation.LocatedinParkersburg,WestVirginia.

title:	Arkansas Inland Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Faimmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,tours,events,artifacts,gallery,oralhistories,andlibrary.LocatedinNorthLittleRock.

title:	Bayshore Center at Bivalve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbayshorecenter.org%2F
desc:	Featuresexhibitsoftheoysterindustry,shipbuilding,andthereconstructionoftheschooner,A.J.Meerwald.LocatedinPortNorris,NewJersey.

title:	Biloxi Maritime and Seafood Industry Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritimemuseum.org%2F
desc:	PreservingthemaritimehistoryandheritageofBiloxiandtheMississippiGulfCoast.

title:	Lake Champlain Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lcmm.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationforpreservingandsharingthehistoryofLakeChamplain,Vermont.

title:	Lake Pontchartrain Basin Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Flpbmm.org%2F
desc:	Presentsexhibits,activities,andwoodenboatfestival.LocatedinMadisonville,Louisiana.

title:	Mud Island Mississippi River Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mudisland.com%2Fc-3-mississippi-river-museum.aspx
desc:	ThepreservationandpromotionofthenaturalandculturalhistoryoftheLowerMississippiRiverValleythrougheducation,interpretationandexhibits.LocatedinMemphis,Tennessee.

title:	The Museum of Yachting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiyrs.edu%2Fmuseum-yachting-iyrs%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothepreservationofthetraditionalskills,documents,vesselsandartifactswhichrecordanddescribethehistoryanddevelopmentofyachtingaroundtheworld.LocatedinNewport,RhodeIsland.

title:	National Park Service Maritime Heritage Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fmaritime%2F
desc:	MaritimeresourceswithintheNationalParkSystem,Washington,DC.

title:	North Shore Commercial Fishing Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.commercialfishingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featuresover3,000objectsandmaterialswithemphasisonthecommercialfishingindustryandearlylifestylesoftheshoreandwatersofLakeSuperior.Includeseventsandprograms,hours,admission,membership,storeanddirections.LocatedinTofte,Minnesota.

title:	Ships of the Sea Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shipsofthesea.org%2F
desc:	Foundedin1966,exhibitsshipmodels,paintingsandmaritimeantiques.Includescollectiondetailsandvisitorinformation.LocatedinSavannah,Georgia.

title:	Always Ready Engine House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hollishistoricalsociety.org%2Falways-ready-engine-house.html
desc:	Historyandexhibits.LocatedinHollis,NewHampshire.

title:	Boston Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bostonfiremuseum.com%2F
desc:	History,exhibits,gallery,location,andhours.LocatedinMassachusetts.

title:	Columbia Fire Department Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.columbiasouthcarolina.com%2Ffire-museum.html
desc:	Collectionphotosandvisitorinformation.LocatedinSouthCarolina.

title:	The Comstock Firemen's Museum: Liberty Engine Company No. 1 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comstockfiremuseum.com%2F
desc:	History,newsletter,photos,andcalendar.LocatedinVirginiaCity,Nevada.

title:	Connecticut Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ct-trolley.org%2Fvisit%2Ffiremuseum.php
desc:	Galleries,historicaldata,newsletter,andgeneralinformation.LocatedinEastWindsor.

title:	The Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thefiremuseum.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,thecollectionwithphotos,educationtours,andnews.LocatedinManchester,Connecticut.

title:	Fire Museum of Maryland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firemuseummd.org%2F
desc:	Firefightinghistoryanddisplaysofhandpulled,horsedrawn,andmotorizedequipment.Includesspecialeventsandeducationalprograminformation.LocatedinLutherville.

title:	Fire Museum of Memphis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firemuseum.com%2F
desc:	ThehistoryoffirefightinginMemphis,Tennessee.Exhibitsincludethetoolsandequipmentusedbyfirefightersandinteractivekiosks.

title:	Fire Museum of Missouri 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usfirehouse.com%2F
desc:	Containsantiquefireenginesandonehosecart,antiqueautomobiles,andalargecollectionofuniformpatches.LocatedinWillowSprings.

title:	Firefighters Hall & Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firehallmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,photos,displays,andhands-onprograms.LocatedinMinneapolis,Minnesota.

title:	Fort Lauderdale Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffortlauderdalefiremuseum.com%2F
desc:	Museuminformation,displayswithphotos,restoredroomswithphotos,andlocation.LocatedinFt.Lauderdale.

title:	Friendship Firehouse Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Foha.alexandriava.gov%2Ffriendship%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,history,thecollection,programs,andevents.LocatedinAlexandria,Virginia.

title:	Hall of Flame Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hallofflame.org%2F
desc:	Displaysvintagefireapparatusandmemorabiliafrom1700-present,andsponsoroftheNationalFirefightingHallofHeroesatPhoenix.

title:	Hose 5 Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bangormaine.gov%2Fcontent%2F318%2F342%2F1029%2Fdefault.aspx
desc:	Inventoryofitemsandvisitorinformation.LocatedinBangor,Maine.

title:	Indianapolis Fire Department Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indy.gov%2FeGov%2FCity%2FDPS%2FIFD%2FHistory%2FPages%2Fmuseum.aspx
desc:	Photosofmuseumitems.LocatedinIndiana.

title:	Kansas Firefighters Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kansasfirefightersmuseum.com%2F
desc:	HousedinhistoricEngineHouseNo.6,collectionincludesahanddrawnpumper,chemicalwagon,horse-drawnfirewagon,steampumper,vintagetrucksandmemorabilia.Includesphotos,hours,admissionfeesanddirections.LocatedinWichita.

title:	The Newton Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newtonfiremuseum.org%2F
desc:	Collectionincludesfirefightingequipmentdatingbacktothedayswhenhorseswereusedtopullthefireapparatus.Newton,NewJersey.

title:	North Dakota Firefighter's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ndfm.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtopreservingandpresentingthestoriedhistories,richtraditionsandheritageoffirefightingthatincludesrecords,photos,artifacts,memorabilia,andequipment.LocatedinGarrison.

title:	Oregon Fire Service Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Foregonfireservicemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,upcomingevents,projects,store,andnews.LocatedinSalem,Oregon.

title:	Portland Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.portlandfiremuseum.com%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,exhibits,kidscorner,andstore.LocatedinMaine.

title:	Tampa Firefighters Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tampagov.net%2Ftampa-firefighters-museum
desc:	Events,exhibits,andmap.LocatedinTampa,Florida.

title:	Utah Museum of Fire Service History and Firefighter Memorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utahfiremuseum.com%2F
desc:	Location,contactinformation,giftshop,andgallery.LocatedinGrantsville.

title:	America's Car Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.americascarmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Tacoma,Washingtonmuseumofferingantiqueclassiccarsdatingfrom1903.Includesaphotographgalleryandnewsletter.

title:	The BMW Zentrum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmwusfactory.com%2F%23%2Fzentrum%2F
desc:	Acollectionofmotorcycles,airplaneengines,artcars,andracingcarslocatedadjacenttoaBMWmanufacturingplantinSpartanburg,SC.Planttoursareavailable.Map,hours,contactinformationandpicturesofsomeoftheexhibits.

title:	The Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmicrocarmuseum.com%2F
desc:	History,location,virtualtour,events,andvideos.LocatedinMadison,Georgia.

title:	International Motorsports Hall Of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motorsportshalloffame.com%2F
desc:	Talledega,Alabamamuseumwhichpreservesandexhibitsthehistoryofmotorsports.Featuresinteractivetourandinducteeinformation.

title:	Larz Anderson Auto Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.larzanderson.org%2F
desc:	America'soldestprivatelyownedcollectionofautomobiles.Information,specialeventschedulesandavirtualtour.LocatedinBrookline,Massachusetts.

title:	The Museum of Automobiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofautos.com%2F
desc:	ArkansasmuseumdisplaysrarevehiclesfromtheRockefellercollection.Includeshours,location,andamuseumguide.

title:	National Corvette Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corvettemuseum.org%2F
desc:	CorvettemodelsandconceptcarsspanningthehistoryofCorvette.Virtualtour,eventsandphotographsfromthemuseum'sarchives.LocatedinBowlingGreen,Kentucky.

title:	National Sprint Car Hall of Fame & Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sprintcarhof.com%2F
desc:	Preservingthehistoryofsprintcarracingandachievers,pressreleases,alistofpollwinnersandthelistofinductees.LocatedinKnoxville,Iowa.

title:	Penske Racing Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.penskeracingmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Informationonthemuseum,cars,events,cafe,andtesttrack.LocatedinNorthScottsdale,Arizona.

title:	Tupelo Automobile Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tupeloautomuseum.com%2F
desc:	Depictingtheprogressionoftheautomobileindustrythroughthedecades.Featuresanoverviewofthecollection,alistofover100vehiclesondisplay,hours,admissionfees,anddirectionstolocationinMississippi.

title:	Unser Racing Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unserracingmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Events,calendar,news,tour,andgiftshop.LocatedinAlbuquerque,NewMexico.

title:	Wisconsin Automotive Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wisconsinautomuseum.com%2F
desc:	Displayinformationwithphotos.LocatedinHartford.

title:	The Baltimore Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartbma.org%2F
desc:	ExhibitsAmericanandinternationalart,includingtheConeCollectionofover40paintingsbyMatisse,Gauguin,Picasso,VanGoghandotherEuropeanartists.Baltimore,Maryland.

title:	Berger Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bergercollection.org%2F
desc:	Spansover600yearsofBritishart,primarilypaintings,butalsosculptureandotherartformsthatarehousedintheDenverArtMuseuminColorado.Providesprofilesofartistsandamailinglistform.

title:	Currier Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.currier.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesEuropeanandAmericanpaintings,decorativearts,photographs,sculptureandFrankLloydWright'sZimmermanHouse.LocatedinManchester,NewHampshire.

title:	The Delaware Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delart.org%2F
desc:	Features12,000worksofartandfocusesonAmericanArtofthe19ththroughthe21stcenturiesandEnglishPre-Raphaeliteartofthemid-19thcentury.Includeshours,admission,membership,volunteeropportunitiesanddirections.LocatedinWilmington,Delaware.

title:	Denver Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.denverartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Presentsavarietyofinternationalartthroughouttheyearincludingtravelingexhibitsanddisplaysfromthemuseum'spermanentcollection.Denver,Colorado.

title:	Gibbes Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gibbesmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Findoutaboutexhibitions,programsandspecialevents.Alsooffersavirtualtour,shopping,anddirectionstoitslocationinCharleston,SC.

title:	Honolulu Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhonolulumuseum.org%2F
desc:	Museumofinternationalarthousingover34,000objects.ThemuseumisknownforitsimportantAsianholdings,includingtheJamesMichenerCollectionofJapanesewoodblockprints.LocatedinHawaii.

title:	Minnesota Museum of American Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mmaa.org%2F
desc:	Featuresadiversecollectionofartfromthe19thcenturytothepresent.Includeshours,calendarofevents,admissionfees,membershipdetails,educationalservicesanddirections.LocatedinSt.Paul.

title:	Museum of Nebraska Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmonet.unk.edu%2Fmona%2F
desc:	Thepermanentcollectioncontainsover5,000worksbyartistsofregional,national,andinternationalimportance.Featuresanexhibitionschedule,newsletter,programs,andartreach.LocatedinKearney.

title:	The Museum of Russian Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tmora.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtocreatingandpreservingexamplesofRussian20thcenturyRealistpaintings.Includesdetailsofthecurrentexhibit,membershipdetailsanddirectionstothelocationinMinneapolis,Minnesota.

title:	New Orleans Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.noma.org%2F
desc:	PermanentcollectionincludesFrenchandAmericanart,photography,glass,AfricanandJapaneseworks.Housesasculpturegardenandoffersphotographyanddecorativearts.

title:	Oklahoma City Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okcmoa.com%2F
desc:	Includesinformationaboutexhibits,collections,films,educationalandlectureprograms,withmembershipanddonationdetails.

title:	Portland Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.portlandartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	TheoldestartmuseuminthePacificNorthwesthousesapermanentcollectionsofEuropeanandAmericanartaswellasafinecollectionofEnglishsilver.

title:	South Dakota Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdstate.edu%2Fsouthdakotaartmuseum%2F
desc:	ProvidespermanenthousinganddisplaysfortheHarveyDunnpaintingsandtheMarghabCollection,andexhibitionsofcontemporaryandtraditionalworksofart.LocatedinBrookings.

title:	Utah Museum of Fine Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fumfa.utah.edu%2F
desc:	AttheUniversityofUtahitistheonlygeneralartmuseuminSaltLakeCity,Utah,whereitisamajoranduniquepublicinstitution.

title:	UVU Woodbury Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvu.edu%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Providesexhibitionsfromlocalandnationallevels,aswellaseducationalprogramsandanartresourcelibrary.Providesdetailsofexhibits,events,hours,anddirectionstothelocationinOrem,Utah.

title:	Walter Anderson Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.walterandersonmuseum.org%2F
desc:	MississippimuseumdedicatedtotheworkofWalterInglisAnderson,20thcenturyAmericanpainter.LocatedinOceanSprings.

title:	The Walters Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthewalters.org%2F
desc:	Collection,encompassingartfromaroundtheworldandthroughouttheages,includesmorethan30,000objects.Includesdetailsofcurrentexhibitions,hours,admissionprices,memberships,docentandvolunteeropportunitiesanddirections.LocatedinBaltimore,Maryland.

title:	The Children's Museum at Yunker Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseum-yunker.org%2F
desc:	Fargo,NorthDakota.Morethan50hands-onexhibitsforchildrenandfamilies.Featuresprofile,exhibits,membershipinformation,photographs,andcontactdetails.

title:	Children's Museum of the Ohio Valley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmovkids.org%2F
desc:	Promotesandstimulatestheintellectualandcreativepotentialofchildrenbybeingacatalystfortheprocessoflearningthroughhandsonplay.Includesprograms,calendarandanewsletter.LocatedinWheeling,WestVirginia.

title:	Health World Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthworldoutreach.org%2F
desc:	LocationsinArizonaandIllinois.Healtheducationmuseumsforchildrenofallages.

title:	HealthWorks! Kids Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthworkskids.org%2F
desc:	InSouthBend,IndianaandTupelo,Mississippi.Teachingchildrentolivehealthylifestyles.

title:	Jasmine Moran Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jasminemoran.com%2F
desc:	Schedule,news,virtualtour,andFAQ.LocatedinSeminole,Oklahoma.

title:	Museum of Discovery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumofdiscovery.org%2F
desc:	LittleRock,Arkansas.Hands-onexhibitsonscienceandtechnology,NativeAmericanhistory,health,nature,andworldcultures.Featuresgeneralinformation,memberships,comingattractions,programsandcontactdetails.

title:	Providence Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrenmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibits,calendar,andprograms.LocatedinRhodeIsland.

title:	Youth Museum of Southern West Virginia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beckley.org%2Fyouth-museum%2F
desc:	Offersexhibitsandprogramsthatencouragegrowthofculturalidentity.Includesteacherinformation,eventsandcurrentexhibits.LocatedinBeckley.

title:	Children's Museum of the Ohio Valley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmovkids.org%2F
desc:	Promotesandstimulatestheintellectualandcreativepotentialofchildrenbybeingacatalystfortheprocessoflearningthroughhandsonplay.Includesprograms,calendarandanewsletter.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in West Virginia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FWV.php
desc:	Searchableguidetomuseums,artsorganizationsandhistoricalsocietiesinthestate.

title:	Oil and Gas Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.little-mountain.com%2Foilandgasmuseum%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothehistoryoftheoilandgasindustriesinWestVirginiaandOhio.Includesnews,directionsandmembershipinformation.LocatedinParkersburg.

title:	West Virginia Association of Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwvmuseums.org%2F
desc:	Includesmembershipinformation,museumdirectory,andeducationalresources.

title:	West Virginia State Farm Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wvfarmmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothepreservationofthestate'sfarmlifeheritage.Includesattractions,schedule,festivals,directions,newsandvolunteeropportunities.LocatedinPointPleasant.

title:	WVGES Mini-Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wvgs.wvnet.edu%2Fwww%2Fmuseum%2Fmuseum.htm
desc:	SampleofitemsfromtheWestVirginiaGeologicalandEconomicSurvey'sMuseumofGeologyandNaturalHistory.LocatedonCheatLake,nearMorgantown.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Wisconsin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FWI.php
desc:	Linksanddescriptionsformuseumsthroughoutthestate.

title:	Wisconsin Federation of Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wisconsinmuseums.org%2F
desc:	PromotesthemuseumsofWisconsin.Completelistofmuseums,calendarofevents,history.

title:	American Cotton Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cottonmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Greenville-thehistoryandimpactofthecottonindustryontheNorthernTexasBlacklandsandtheUnitedStates.

title:	Bob Bullock Texas State History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thestoryoftexas.com%2F
desc:	EducationalinstitutionthatengagesvisitorsinthestoryofTexasthroughavarietyofprogramandexhibitexperiences.LocatedinAustin.

title:	Cowboy Artists of America Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcowboyartistsofamerica.com%2F
desc:	Kerrville-ThemostprestigiousandenduringassociationofWesternArtistsinthenation.Manyofthesetalentedartistshaveactuallylivedthecowboylife,andallofthemarecowboysatheart.Locatedintheheartofthepopular"HillCountry"region,onlyashortdrivefromSanAntonio.

title:	Galveston Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galveston.com%2Fmuseums%2F
desc:	GuidetoGalvestonIslandmuseumsontheweb.

title:	Gaston Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gastonmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ExamplesofhowpeoplelivedduringtheEastTexasoilboomdaysofthe1930's.Includeshours,exhibits,contactinformation,andmembership.LocatedInJoinerville.

title:	Heard Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heardmuseum.org%2F
desc:	McKinney.A25,000sq.ft.sciencemuseum,a287acrewildlifesanctuary,anew4000sq.ft.RaptorRehabilitationCenteranda3750sq.ft.environmentalcenterandoutdooraquaticlaboratory.

title:	Heritage Farmstead 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heritagefarmstead.org%2F
desc:	Plano-Tourtheturn-of-the-centuryfarmandseewhatlivingina1891VictorianfarmhouseandfarmingontheBlacklandPrairiesofNorthTexaswaslike.Awonderfulmuseumthatcaterstobothadultsandchildren.

title:	Longview Museum of Fine Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lmfa.org%2F
desc:	formedtocreateinterestinandpromoteknowledgeofthevisualartsthroughouttheCityofLongviewandvicinitybyexhibiting,interpretingandpreservingworksofart.

title:	Mary Kay Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marykaymuseum.com%2F
desc:	TakeawalkthroughtheinspiringhistoryofMaryKayAsh.VisittheMaryKayMuseumlocatedattheMaryKayWorldHeadquartersinDallas,TX.

title:	Ocean Star Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oceanstaroec.com%2F
desc:	LessthananhourfromdowntownHouston,theworld'spetroleumcapital,theOffshoreEnergyCenter(OEC)operatesitsstate-of-the-artfacility,theOceanStar.

title:	San Jacinto Monument and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sanjacinto-museum.org%2F
desc:	LaPorte.The570-footmonumentstandsintheGuinnessBookofWorldRecordsasthetallestmonumentcolumnintheworld.

title:	The Southwest Collection and Special Collections Library at Texas Tech University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fswco.ttu.edu%2F
desc:	Adefinitivecollectionofaudio-visualandmanuscriptsonthehistoryofLubbockCountyaswellasWestTexas.

title:	Texas A&M University Art Collections and Exhibitions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuart.tamu.edu%2Fstark
desc:	LocatedinCollegeStation.

title:	Texas Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.texasfiremuseum.org%2F
desc:	Foundedtoacquire,restore,andpreservetheoldDallasFireDepartmentMaintenanceFacility,inordertorestore,preserve,andstoreselectfireapparatusandfiresuppressionequipment.

title:	Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.texasranger.org%2F
desc:	Waco.DedicatedtothehistoryandpopularcultureofthelegendaryTexasRangers.Foundedin1823,theTexasRangersconstitutetheoldeststatelawenforcementagencyinthenationandanenduringsymbolofTexasandtheAmericanWest.

title:	Texas Seaport Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galvestonhistory.org%2Fattractions%2Fmaritime-heritage%2Ftexas-seaport-museum
desc:	Galveston-exploresTexas'richlegacyofseabornecommerceandimmigration.TheMuseum'sstaffandvolunteersbringthepasttolifewithspecialexhibits,educationalprograms,andhistoricprojectsliketheGalvestonImmigrationDatabaseandtherestorationofthe1877ironbarqueElissa.

title:	Whitehead Memorial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whiteheadmuseum.org%2F
desc:	DelRio.Exhibitsconsistofseveralbuildings,eachofhistoricalsignificanceinitself.TheDedicatedtothepreservationofDelRio'sheritageaswellasValVerdeCounty's.

title:	XIT Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xitmuseum.com%2F
desc:	LocatedontheformerXITRanch,headquarteredinDalhartandworkingtopreservethehistoryoftheTexaspioneerranchersofthearea.

title:	Museums in Utah 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onlineutah.com%2Fmuseums.shtml
desc:	AlistingofmuseumsfoundthroughoutUtah.Includeslinkstomanysmallercommunities.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Utah 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fmuseums%2Futah.php
desc:	Listsanddescriptionsofmuseumsacrossthestate,groupedbytypeandlocation.

title:	Red Butte Garden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redbuttegarden.org%2F
desc:	InformationonthecostofvisitingtheUniversityofUtahbotanicalgardenandarboretum,andoneducationalprogramsandoutdoorconcertsstagedatthegardens.

title:	Utah Museum of Fine Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fumfa.utah.edu%2F
desc:	Calendar,interactiveartactivitiesforkids,andmembershipinformationforthisUniversityofUtahmuseum.

title:	Utah Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umnh.utah.edu%2F
desc:	DescriptionsofthisUniversityofUtahmuseum'sexhibits,collections,research,andprograms.

title:	Utah Museums Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utahmuseums.org%2F
desc:	IncludesacalendarofUtahmuseumevents,membershipandconferenceinformation,ajobsboard,andassociationby-laws.

title:	Association of South Dakota Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdmuseums.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtopreserving,interpretinganddisseminatingtheheritagewithinthestate.Includesdirectoryofmuseums,servicesprovided,membershipdetails,workshopsandevents.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in South Dakota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FSD.php
desc:	Linksanddescriptionsofmuseums,zoos,galleriesandattractions.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Tennessee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FTN.php
desc:	Directoryofmuseums,artsorganizations,andrelatedsitesaroundthestate.

title:	Tennessee Association of Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tnmuseums.org%2F
desc:	Fosterscommunicationandcooperationbetweenthestate'smuseumsandculturalorganizations.Includesprograminformationanddirectoryofmemberinstitutions.

title:	South Carolina Federation of Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southcarolinamuseums.org%2F
desc:	Featuresstatewidemuseumdirectory,events,andmembershipinformation.

title:	South Carolina State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offersexhibitsaboutculturalhistory,art,scienceandtechnology,andnaturalhistory.Includescurrentevents,jobopenings,detailsonmembership,andamuseumstore.LocatedinColumbia.

title:	Art Museum of the Americas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.oas.org%2F
desc:	Collectionof20th-centuryLatinAmericanandCaribbeanart,specialLatinAmericanartexhibitsandrelatededucationalprograms.Featuresexhibitions,avirtualgallery,educationalresources,servicesanddirections.

title:	Bead Museum-Bead Society of Greater Washington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbsgw.org%2F
desc:	HighlightsofpastexhibitsattheBeadMuseum(currentlyclosed)andinformationontheBeadSocietyofGreaterWashington,bothdedicatedtotheappreciationofbeadsasadecorativeartform.

title:	Daughters of the American Revolution Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dar.org%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Showcasesthefurnishingsanddecorativeartsofpre-industrialAmericawithpermanentandchangingexhibitionsintwogalleries.Featuresnews,events,visitorinformation,virtualexhibitions,recentacquisitions,educationalprograms,volunteeropportunitiesandgiftshop.

title:	Drug Enforcement Administration Museum & Visitors Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsfocusedoneducatingthepubliconthehistoryoftheagencyandontheimpactofdrugaddictionfrompasttopresent.Featuresexhibits,educationresourcesandvisitorinformation.

title:	Hillwood Museum and Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hillwoodmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featuresacomprehensivecollectionof18th-and19th-centuryRussianimperialartandoneoftheworld'smostimportantcollectionsof18th-centuryFrenchdecorativeartsonatwenty-fiveacreestatewithpleasuregardensandimportantazaleaandorchidcollections.Featuresvisitorinformation,museumshop,volunteerandemploymentopportunities,photographictourandonlineexhibitions.

title:	The Interior Museum Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doi.gov%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	CollectioncontainsNorthAmericanIndianartifacts,mostofwhicharehandicraftssuchasstoryboards,dolls,andbasketsthatdatefromthe1940stopresenttime,aswellasitemsmadeintheUnitedStatesinsularareasofAmericanSamoa,Guam,theU.S.VirginIslands,andtheRepublicofPalau.Featurestourinformation,history,exhibitions,eventsandprograms.

title:	International Spy Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsfocusonhumanintelligenceandrevealtherolespieshaveplayedinworldeventsthroughouthistory.Featuresvisitorinformation,calendar,membershipinformation,employmentopportunities,directionsandmuseumshop.

title:	The Kreeger Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kreegermuseum.org%2F
desc:	WorksofImpressionistsandAmericanartistsfromthe1850stothe1970s,andacollectionoftraditionalpiecesfromwestandcentralAfrica.Featuresvisitor'sinformation,programs,membershipinformation,volunteeropportunitiesandeducationalresources.

title:	Marian Koshland Science Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.koshland-science-museum.org%2F
desc:	NationalAcademyofSciencesexhibitsfocusonscientificpracticeanditsimplicationsforsociety.

title:	National Building Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nbm.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtoexploringandcelebratingarchitectureandrelateddisciplines.Featureslectures,exhibitions,news,onlineexhibits[requiresFlash],educationalprogramsandresources,employmentandinternshipopportunitiesandmembershipinformation.

title:	National Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncm.museum%2F
desc:	Child-centeredmuseumscheduledtoopenin2008.Includesinformationonplanningforthemuseum,events,andnewsupdates.

title:	National Gallery of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nga.gov%2F
desc:	Collectionillustratesmajorachievementsinpainting,sculpture,andgraphicartsfromtheMiddleAgestothepresent.Featuresexhibitions,onlinetours,educationalprogramsandresources,internship,fellowshipandvolunteeropportunities,programs,events,galleryshopandcollectionguidesinEnglish,French,German,ItalianandSpanish.

title:	National Museum of American Jewish Military History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmajmh.org%2F
desc:	DocumentsandpreservesthecontributionsofJewishAmericanswhoservedintheArmedForcesoftheUnitedStates.Sitehasinformationonthemuseum,itscollections,andexhibitions.

title:	The National Museum of Women in the Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmwa.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedexclusivelytotheexhibition,preservation,andacquisitionofworksbywomenartistsofallnationalitiesandperiods.Featuresthecollection,exhibitions,educationalprogramsandtours,outreachprogramsandpublications.

title:	National Women's History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nwhm.org%2F
desc:	Aproposedmuseumdedicatedtowomen'scontributionstoAmericancultureandsociety.Includesonlineexhibits,informationaboutthemuseumprojectandeducationalresources.

title:	Newseum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newseum.org%2F
desc:	Detailsofthenotyetopeninteractivemuseumofnews,withbehind-the-scenesviewsofhowandwhynewsismade.Featuresonlineexhibits,informationaboutthemuseum,andfrontpageimagesofmorethan400oftoday'snewspapersin38countries.

title:	The Phillips Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phillipscollection.org%2F
desc:	Amuseumofmodernart.Providesmuseumhistory,collectionoverviewwithphotosanddescriptions,programs,events,andspecialexhibitions.

title:	Saint John Paul II National Shrine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jp2shrine.org%2F
desc:	Catholicmuseumandculturalcenterfocusingonreligiousfaith,artandscholarship.Informationonthegalleries,currentexhibits,calendarofeventsandnews.

title:	The Textile Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseum.gwu.edu%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtofurtheringtheunderstandingofmankind'screativeachievementsinthetextilearts.Featurescalendar,exhibitions,educationalprogramsandmuseumshop.

title:	United States Holocaust Memorial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ushmm.org%2F
desc:	America'snationalinstitutionforthedocumentation,studyandinterpretationofHolocausthistory.Offersextensiveexhibits,collections,library,andartsandeducationalprograms.

title:	Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brown.edu%2Fresearch%2Ffacilities%2Fhaffenreffer-museum%2F
desc:	BrownUniversity'smajormuseum,locatedatthebaseofhistoricMountHopeinBristol.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Rhode Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FRI.php
desc:	Searchableguidetothestate'smuseums,artsorganizations,andhistoricalsocieties.

title:	The New England Wireless and Steam Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newsm.org%2F
desc:	Anelectricalandmechanicalengineeringmuseumemphasizingthebeginningsofradioandsteampower.

title:	Oklahoma Museums Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okmuseums.org%2F
desc:	offersdevelopmentandtrainingformuseumprofessionalsthroughworkshops,seminars,andanannualconference.

title:	Benton County Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bentoncountymuseum.org%2F
desc:	InPhilomath.Provideseducationalactivities,museumservices,andculturalresourcemanagementservicesinordertoencourageunderstandingofthehistoryandcultureofthiscounty.

title:	Columbia River Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crmm.org%2F
desc:	MaritimeheritageofthePacificNorthwest.

title:	Discovery Center and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gorgediscovery.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesthenaturalandculturalhistoryoftheColumbiaGorgethroughtwomuseums,asummerlivinghistoryencampment,atheater,interpretivetrails,andartdemonstrations.

title:	The High Desert Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.highdesertmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offerseducationalexhibitsaboutthehistory,culture,arts,andwildlifesurroundingtheplateauoftheHighDesertandareasofthePacificNorthwest.

title:	Museum of Natural History - University of Oregon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnatural-history.uoregon.edu%2F
desc:	Unfoldingmysteriesaboutthenaturalsciencesandhumanculturespastandpresent.TheMuseumistherepositoryforallanthropologicalartifactsandspecimensfoundonOregonstatelands.

title:	Portland Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.portlandartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Foundedin1892,museumistheregion'soldestandlargestvisualandmediaartscenter,andoneofOregon'sgreatestculturalassets.

title:	The Vista House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vistahouse.com%2F
desc:	MuseumthatcelebrateshistoryofColumbiaRiverGorge.Hasapicturegallery,giftshop,andartifactsthatwereconstructedbytheoriginalpioneers.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Ohio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FOH.php
desc:	Provideslinksanddescriptionsofmuseums,zoos,andgalleriesthroughoutthestate.

title:	Northeastern Ohio Inter-Museum Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnortheastohiomuseums.org%2F
desc:	GuidetomuseumsinnortheasternOhiowithmaps,briefdescriptions,contactinformation,hours,andlinkstomemberssites.Alsoaneventscalendarfortheorganization.

title:	PA Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pamuseums.org%2F
desc:	Associationofmuseums,botanicalgardens,zoos,arboreta,historicalsocietiesandsciencecentersintheCommonwealth.Includessearchbyregion,countyortype,programsandservices,membership,maplocationanddirections.

title:	Museumstuff.com: Museums in New Mexico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FNM.php
desc:	Searchableguidetomuseums,artsorganizations,andhistoricalsocieties.

title:	Ackland Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ackland.org%2F
desc:	Housesadiversecollectionofpainting,sculpture,anddrawingsfromEastern,African,andWesterntraditions.

title:	Core Sound Waterfowl Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coresound.com%2F
desc:	Featuresinformationonexhibitsandprograms,locationandhoursofoperation.

title:	Duke University Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nasher.duke.edu%2F
desc:	PermanentcollectionrangingfromAncienttoModernartpluschangingexhibitions,programs,andscholarlypublications.

title:	Imagination Station 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscienceandhistory.org%2F
desc:	Interactivescience,technology,andmathlearningcenterforallages,locatedinWilson.

title:	North Carolina Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Containsover100imagesfromthemuseum'svariouscollections.AlsofeaturesShockwaveandQuicktimeVRpresentations.

title:	North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naturalsciences.org%2F
desc:	Naturalhistorymuseumfeaturesliveanimals,dinosaurs,whales,walk-throughdioramas,scienceeducationandresearch.Onlinetourandactivities.

title:	Southeastern Center of Contemporary Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.secca.org%2F
desc:	Thecenterfocusesonlocalandnationalexamplesofmodernart.Currentexhibits,calendarandmembershipinformation.

title:	Bellingham Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bellinghamrailwaymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtotherailroadheritage,historyandoperationsofWhatcomandSkagitcounties.

title:	The Northern Pacific Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nprymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Includesalistofevents,localrailroads,volunteeringopportunities,educationprogram,membershipanddonationinformation,andmaps.LocatedinToppenish,Washington.

title:	Northwest Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ExhibitsthehistoryofrailroadingintheNorthwestUnitedStatesandfeatures70locomotivesandcarsofthePacificNorthwest.Alsooperatesa7milehistoricrailroadandrestored1890-builttrainstationinSnoqualmie,WA.

title:	Washington State Railroads Historical Society Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsrhs.org%2F
desc:	Includesanoverviewofexhibits,history,stories,andlinkstootherrailroadmuseums.LocatedinPasco.

title:	Henry Sheldon Museum of Vermont History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhenrysheldonmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Features1829Judd-HarrisHouse,WalterCerfGalleryandStewart-SwiftResearchCenter.Collectionsoffurniture,paintings,documentsandartifacts.Includeshours,calendarofevents,membershipandvolunteeropportunities,directions.LocatedinMiddlebury.

title:	Historical Society of Windham County 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicalsocietyofwindhamcounty.org%2F
desc:	Collectionsthatreflectthehistoryoftheareafeaturingearlyportraits,furniturefromthelate18thand19thcenturies,folkart,textiles,andCivilWarartifactslocatedatNewfane.

title:	Vermont Marble 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont%2FLocalities%2FP%2FProctor%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vermont-marble.com%2F
desc:	Marbleexhibitfeaturingmarbleuses,geology,minerals,fossils,giftsandhistoryofafactorytown.

title:	The Nature Museum at Grafton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont%2FLocalities%2FG%2FGrafton%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nature-museum.org%2F
desc:	Encourageawareness,understanding,andconservationofthenaturalworldthroughexhibits,programs,andfieldtrips.

title:	Ethan Allen Homestead Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBurlington%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethanallenhomestead.org%2F
desc:	ThelasthomeoftheRevolutionaryWarhero.Includeseducationalprograminformation,historyandnews.

title:	The Robert Hull Fleming Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBurlington%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvm.edu%2F%7Efleming%2F
desc:	Informationoncollections,exhibitions,programs,events,andmembershipprograms.

title:	Montshire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNorwich%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.montshire.org%2F
desc:	Ahands-onmuseumwithdozensofexcitingexhibitsrelatingtothenaturalandphysicalsciences,ecology,andtechnology.

title:	Brattleboro Museum & Art Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brattleboromuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offerssixgalleriesofworkbyregionalartists.Includesavisitor'sguide,programsandevents,detailsofeducationalprogramsandmemberships.LocatedinBrattleboro,Vermont.

title:	Brattleboro Museum and Art Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBrattleboro%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brattleboromuseum.org%2F
desc:	Thisprivate,non-profitorganizationfoundedin1972,isanon-collectingmuseumwhichproducesfrequentlychangingexhibitionsoftheartofourtimes.Includescalendar,museumshopandmembershipinformation

title:	Estey Organ Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBrattleboro%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esteyorganmuseum.org%2F
desc:	CelebratingtheheritageofEsteyOrganCompanyofBrattleboro,Vermontbythecollection,restoration,displayandperformanceofEsteyandotherorgans.

title:	Burke Museum of Natural and Cultural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burkemuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedattheUniversityofWashingtoninSeattle,itfeaturesarchaeologicalandethnographiccollectionsofNorthwestCoastcultures.Offersexhibits,tours,eventsandresearch.

title:	Wanapum Heritage Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wanapum.org%2F
desc:	MuseumprovidesexhibitsofWanapumHistoryandwayoflifebeginningintheprehistoriceraandendingwiththeconstructionofPriestRapidsandWanapumdams.LocatedinBeverly,Washington.

title:	Yakama Nation Cultural Heritage Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yakamamuseum.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinToppenish,WAandofferingexhibitsonthehistoryandartofthePlateauPeople.Siteisonepagewithbasicvisitorinformation.

title:	Black Diamond Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackdiamondmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Restoredrailroaddepotdisplayingartifacts.Providesbackgroundhistoryandpicturesoftheexhibits.

title:	Kittitas County Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kchm.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationdedicatedtocollectingandpreservingartifactsoftheregion.Includesadirectoryofstaffmembersandvolunteers,events,hours,alistofmembers,amembershipform,andvolunteeropportunities.LocatedinEllensburg.

title:	The Lewis County Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lewiscountymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Depictstheearlysettlementsandpioneerlifeinthearea,oneofthefirstareassettledintheregionandtheoldestcountyinWashingtonState.

title:	Washington State History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonhistory.org%2F
desc:	Explorethemuseum'sHallofWashingtonHistoryanddiscoveranewviewofthepast,fromfrontiertownstomoderntechnology.Includesevents,programs,membershipdetails,andpublications.LocatedinTacoma.

title:	Whatcom Museum of History and Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whatcommuseum.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtothecollection,preservation,exhibitionandinterpretationofthisregion'sartandculturalhistory.Includesinformationabouttours,researchgrants,collections,agiftshop,andemploymentopportunities.LocatedinBellingham.

title:	Yakima Valley Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fyakimavalleymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offersdisplaysfocusingonnaturalhistory,NativeAmericanculture,earlypioneerlife,andtherootsanddevelopmentoftheValley'sfruitindustry.Includesevents,memberships,programs,hours,tours,anddirections.

title:	Center for Wooden Boats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cwb.org%2F
desc:	Seattlemuseumincludesmorethan100historicallysignificantboats.

title:	Westport Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westportmaritimemuseum.com%2F
desc:	Someships,alight-houseandthechildren'sdiscoveryroom.

title:	Arcarde and Attica Railroad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arcadeandatticarr.com%2F
desc:	HistoricstationandrailroadofferingtrainexcursionseveryweekendfromMemorialDayweekenduntiltheendofSeptemberandspecialexcursionsthroughouttheyear.

title:	Empire State Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fesrm.com%2F
desc:	News,gallery,thePhoeniciaStation,directions,andgiftshop.LocatedinPhoenicia,NewYork.

title:	Railroad Museum of Long Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmli.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationdedicatedtothepreservationofrailroadhistoryonLongIsland.

title:	Rochester & Genesee Valley Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rgvrrm.org%2Fabout%2Frailroad%2Fusa1843%2F
desc:	Museuminformation,events,andgallery.LocatedinNewYork.

title:	Rochester and Genesee Valley Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Frgvrrm.org%2F
desc:	AjointprojectoftheRochesterChapter,NRHS,andtheNYmuseumofTransportation.LocatedinRush,NY.

title:	Salamanca Rail Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2FSalamanca-Rail-Museum-171739779583682%2F
desc:	Informationonmuseum,location,andgiftshop.LocatedinNewYork.

title:	Museum of Flight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofflight.org%2F
desc:	Afinesiterepresentativeofthelargestaviationmuseumonthewestcoast.Goodhistoricalinformationandphotos.LocatedinSeattle,Washington.

title:	Olympic Flight Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.olympicflightmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Anactiveflyingmuseum.Detailsofhours,aircraft,eventsandsponsors.

title:	Antique Boat Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abm.org%2F
desc:	Preservestheboats,enginesandartifactsoflifealongtheSt.LawrenceRiver.LocatedinClayton,NewYork.

title:	Chittenango Landing Canal Boat Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchittenangolanding.com%2F
desc:	Tellsthestoryoftheconstructionofthesecargoboats,theworkingsoftherestoreddrydocksandthesocialhistoryofthecanalera.Includesphotos,hours,calendarofevents,educationalprogramsandlocation.

title:	City Island Historical Society Nautical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cityislandmuseum.org%2F
desc:	History,information,collection,onlinetour,andgiftshop.LocatedinBronx.

title:	Cold Spring Harbor Whaling Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cshwhalingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Collects,preserves,andexhibitsobjectsanddocumentspertinenttowhaling.LocatedinColdSpringHarbor,LongIsland.

title:	East End Seaport Museum & Marine Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eastendseaport.org%2F
desc:	OperatestheMarineMuseumandmaintainstheBugLighthouse.ExhibitsincludeFresnellenses.Includescalendarofevents,giftshop,newsletter,children'sevents,blacksmithshop,memberandvolunteeropportunities.LocatedinGreenport,NewYork.

title:	Erie Canal Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eriecanalmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Private,nonprofitcorporationmaintainscanalrelatededucationalprograms,exhibitsandcollections.Includesinformationonhistory,exhibits,programsandonlinemuseumshop.LocatedinSyracuse.

title:	H. Lee White Marine Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hleewhitemarinemuseum.com%2F
desc:	History,collections,programs,FAQs,schedule,news,andshop.

title:	Hudson River Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hrmm.org%2F
desc:	Preservingthemaritimehistoryoftheriver,itstributaries,andtheindustriesthatdevelopedaroundit.Featurespaintings,prints,photographsandephemera,vesselblueprints,piecesofsunkenvesselsandshipmodels.Includeshours,fees,schoolprograms,membershipapplicationanddirections.LocatedinKingston,NewYork.

title:	Long Island Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.limaritime.org%2F
desc:	PreservingLongIsland'sregionalmaritimeheritageforeducationalpurposes.Informationonoysters,LongIslandshipwrecksandgreatevents.

title:	Maritime Industry Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sunymaritime.edu%2FMaritime%2520Museum%2Findex
desc:	HousedinFortSchuyler,ahistoricpre-CivilWarfort.Includesnews,asampleofexhibits,membershipinformationandhours.NewYorkCity.

title:	Neversink Valley Area Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neversinkmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,exhibitions,educationalactivities,events,andlocation.LocatedinCuddebackville.

title:	Bellevue Arts Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bellevuearts.org%2F
desc:	PresentscontemporaryartoftheWashingtonstateregionandhasprogramsthatconnectart,communityandeverydaylife.

title:	Frye Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffryemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Collectionof19thand20thcenturyAmerican,German,andFrenchpaintings.LocatedinSeattle,Washington.

title:	Museum of Northwest Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monamuseum.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoAmericanartoftheNorthwestregion.ExhibitsincludeworksbyWalterIsaacs,MorrisGraves,andWilliamCumming.LocatedinLaConner,Washington.

title:	Seattle Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seattleartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthecollection,exhibitions,andprograms.

title:	Wing Luke Asian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wingluke.org%2F
desc:	Foundedin1967,thisaffiliateoftheSmithsonianInstitution,featuresexhibitions,membership,hours,admissionrates,anewsletter,andacalendarofeventsandprograms.LocatedinSeattle,Washington.

title:	The Adirondack Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adkmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Explorestheculture,environmentandhistoryoftheregion.Includeshours,fees,virtualtours,onlineexhibits,events,FAQs,servicesanddirections.LocatedinBlueMountainLake.

title:	Chapman Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chapmanmuseum.org%2F
desc:	PresentsthehistoryoftheGlensFalls-QueensburycommunityandphotographsofSenecaRayStoddarddisplayedintherestoredVictorianhomeoftheDeLongFamily.Includesdetailsofcurrentdisplays,hours,membershipinformation,anddirections.

title:	The Charlotte-Genesee Lighthouse Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geneseelighthouse.org%2F
desc:	Displaysaboutlighthouselore,navigationandlocalhistoryinRochester.

title:	Chemung Valley History Museum. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chemungvalleymuseum.org%2F
desc:	CollectionsandexhibitionsfocusingontheSouthernTierofNewYorkStateandneighboringNorthernPennsylvaniainElmira.

title:	Coney Island Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coneyisland.com%2Fprograms%2Fconey-island-museum
desc:	Featuresmemorabiliaoftheamusementpark.Includeshours,admission,membershipdetailsanddirections.LocatedinBrooklyn.

title:	Franklin County Historical and Museum Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.franklinhistory.org%2F
desc:	Collects,preserves,exhibitsandinterpretsmaterialsrelevanttothehistoryoftheMalone,NewYorkarea.Includesavirtualtour,directions,hours,programs,andcontactdetails.

title:	The Long Island Museum of American Art, History and Carriages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Flongislandmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offerstwoseparatebuildings,withcollectionsfeaturingexhibitionsonAmericanhistoricalandsocialthemesandhorse-drawnvehicles.Includeshours,admission,programsandevents,memberships,mapanddirections.LocatedinStonyBrook.

title:	The Lost Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lostmuseum.cuny.edu%2F
desc:	A3DexplorationandarchiveofP.T.Barnum'sAmericanMuseum,1865,NewYorkCity.

title:	Lower East Side Tenement Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tenement.org%2F
desc:	FocusesonAmerica'surbanimmigranthistoryinNewYork.

title:	Mattituck-Laurel Historical Society and Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mlhistoricalsociety.org%2F
desc:	A"livingmuseum"wherethepastisrecreatedonalife-sizescale.Severalhistoricalhousesareincluded.

title:	Montauk Point Lighthouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.montauklighthouse.com%2F
desc:	Theoldestlighthouseinthestate,authorizedunderPresidentGeorgeWashingtonin1792.Offersonlinegiftshop,photos,eventscalendarandinformationonlighthousemuseum.(Montauk)

title:	Museum of American Finance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moaf.org%2F
desc:	AffiliateoftheSmithsonianInstitution,istheonlyindependentmuseumdedicatedtocapitalism,entrepreneurshipandfreeenterprise.LocatedinNewYorkCity,NewYork.

title:	Museum of Wayne County History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waynehistory.org%2F
desc:	CollectionsandexhibitsofartifactsdepictingthecountyandsurroundingareainLyons.

title:	New York Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyhistory.org%2F
desc:	Interpretsculturalhistoryofthecityandstate.Includeshours,admission,membershipdetails,library,events,detailsofexhibitsanddirections.LocatedinNewYorkCity.

title:	Quincy Square Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fquincy.earlville.net%2F
desc:	DisplaysofartifactsandliteratureaboutthehistoryofEarlvilleanditssurroundingarea.

title:	Slate Valley Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slatevalleymuseum.org%2F
desc:	ExhibitsdedicatedtothehistoryandcultureoftheslateindustryinGranville.

title:	Southeast Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southeastmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsonthehistoryofthetown,includingtheearlyAmericanCircus,theHarlemLineRailroad,theTillyFosterMine,theBordenMilkCondensery,andtheCrotonReservoirSystem.

title:	Tenement Museum Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftenement-museum.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	DescriptionsandpicturesofactivitiesinthemuseumsswellasintheLowerEastSideneighborhoodaroundit.

title:	Thousand Islands Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timuseum.org%2F
desc:	SpecialexhibitsofworldclassmuskiesandhuntingdecoysfromthepastandpresentinClayton.

title:	Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthechildrensmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Private,nonprofitlearninginstitutionfocusingoninteractiveartsandhumanitiesexhibitsandprogramsforchildrenandtheirfamilies.Includesprogramdetails,aneventscalendar,membershipsandemploymentopportunities.LocatedinSeattle.

title:	Children's Museum of Tacoma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.playtacoma.org%2F
desc:	Tacoma,Washington.Anon-profitorganizationcelebratingthepowerofplaywhilenurturinggrowthanddevelopmentforchildrenandparents.

title:	Hands On Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hocm.org%2F
desc:	Findaboutcurrentexhibits,programs,fieldtripsandhoursofoperation.LocatedinOlympia.

title:	Imagine Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imaginecm.org%2F
desc:	Everett,Washington.Funandeducationalexhibitsforchildrenandparents.Includesevents,artstudio,generalinformation,andcontactdetails.

title:	Brookhaven Volunteer Firefighters Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fny5%2Fbrookhavenfiremuseum%2F
desc:	HistoryofLongIsland'svolunteerfirefighters.Artifactsandantiquetrucksareondisplay.Includeshoursandphotos.LocatedinRidge,NewYork.

title:	FASNY Museum of Firefighting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fasnyfiremuseum.com%2F
desc:	Fireapparatus,memorabilia,firegear,historyandgallery.LocatedinHudson,NewYork.

title:	The Historic 1897 Firehouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elmirafiremuseum.org%2Fheadquarters.htm
desc:	Thestory,what'snew,upcomingevents,calendar,andcontactinformation.LocatedinElmira,NewYork.

title:	Nassau County Firefighters Museum & Education Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncfiremuseum.org%2F
desc:	Museuminformation,news,people,events,andgallery.LocatedinGardenCity,NewYork.

title:	New York City Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nycfiremuseum.org%2F
desc:	Collectionsoffirerelatedartandartifactsfromthelate18thcenturytothepresent,andincludespaintedleatherbuckets,helmets,paradehatsandbelts,lanternsandtools,pre-CivilWarhandpumpedfireengines,horsedrawnvehiclesandearlymotorizedapparatus.

title:	Yonkers Fire Department Commemorative Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yonkersfirehistory.org%2F
desc:	Featuresamemorial,handpumperroom,andgallery.LocatedinNewYork.

title:	1941 Historic Aircraft Group Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2F1941hag.org%2F
desc:	Offersvisitorshands-on,high-touchupcloseaircraftexhibits.Groupandschooltoursbyappointment.Vintagewarbirdairshow2ndweekendinJuly.LocatedinGeneseo,NewYork.

title:	Cole Palen's Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldrhinebeck.org%2F
desc:	TheOldRhinebeckAerodromeisalivingmuseumofantiqueaviation,locatedinRhinebeck,NewYork.ThewebsitegivesmuchinformationaboutOldRhinebeck'saircraft,shows,andhistory.

title:	Empire State Aerosciences Museum (ESAM) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esam.org%2F
desc:	Detailsthemuseumanditsprograms,andliststheaircraftinitslargecollection.LocatedattheSchenectadyCountyAirportinScotia,NewYork.

title:	Glenn H. Curtiss Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glennhcurtissmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Describesthemuseumanditsofferingsofearlyaviationandlocalhistory.LocatedinHammondsport,NewYork.

title:	National Soaring Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soaringmuseum.org%2F
desc:	TheonlyU.S.museumdedicatedtosoaringflight.SuperblylocatedonHarrisHillinElmira,NewYork.

title:	Niagara Aerospace Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwnyaerospace.org%2F
desc:	ArtifactsrelatedespeciallytoaviationhistoryinwesternNewYork.LocatedinNiagaraFalls,NY.

title:	Buffalo Transportation Pierce-Arrow Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pierce-arrow.com%2F
desc:	Includesphotogallery,digitallibrary,events,hours,admissionanddirections.LocatedinBuffalo,NewYork.

title:	The Museum of Automobile History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themuseumofautomobilehistory.com%2F
desc:	Collectioncomprisedofover10,000automobilesandautomotivememorabilia.Featuresanonlineexhibits,photosandvideos,atriviaquiz,andmuseumschedule.LocatedinSyracuse,NewYork.

title:	Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome:  Ground Vehicles Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldrhinebeck.org%2Findex.php%3Foption%3Dcom_k2%26view%3Ditemlist%26layout%3Dcategory%26task%3Dcategory%26id%3D3%26Itemid%3D88
desc:	Featuresapproximately40earlyautomobilesandmotorcyclesfromaroundtheworld.Includesbriefdescriptions,directionsandeventschedules.

title:	Saratoga Auto Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saratogaautomuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibits,visitorinformation,educationalevents,andgiftshop.LocatedinSaratogaSprings.

title:	Art In General 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artingeneral.org%2F
desc:	NewYorkalternativeartspacewithexhibitionscuratedbyartists.Galleryalsomaintainsanart-in-residenceprogram.

title:	Bronx Museum of the Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bronxmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsofexhibitions,hours,admissionfees,educationalprograms,anddirectionstoitsBronx,NewYorklocation.

title:	Brooklyn Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brooklynmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Includesprograms,currentexhibits,pressreleases,andspecialevents.LocatedinBrooklyn,NewYork.

title:	Burchfield-Penney Art Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burchfieldpenney.org%2F
desc:	OnlymuseumdedicatedtotheartanddesignofWesternNewYork.Collectionsfeaturecontemporaryandhistoricpaintings,sculpture,Roycroftpiecesandcraftart.Includeshours,tours,events,exhibitions,membershipdetails,admissionanddirections.LocatedinBuffalo,NewYork.

title:	The Castellani Art Museum of Niagara University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.castellaniartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Collectionofover3,000worksincludingworksfromtheHudsonRiverSchool.LocatedinNiagaraFalls,NewYork.

title:	Everson Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.everson.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesworksofAmericanartistsfromthe18thcenturytothepresent,includingpaintings,sculptures,drawings,photography,andvideo.Containsdetailsofthecollections,memberships,programsandevents,acalendar,hours,anddirectionstothelocationinSyracuse,NewYork.

title:	The Frick Collection and Frick Art Reference Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frick.org%2F
desc:	Includessomeofthebest-knownpaintingsbythegreatestEuropeanartists,sculptures,eighteenth-centuryFrenchfurnitureandporcelains,Limogesenamels,Orientalrugs,andotherworks.LocatedinNewYork,NewYork.

title:	Hammond Museum and Japanese Stroll Garden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hammondmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Anot-for-profitcenterforthehumanities.Throughprogramsandevents,musicandthearts,theMuseumseekstoprovidelinksbetweentheEastandtheWest.LocatedinNorthSalem.

title:	Heckscher Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heckscher.org%2F
desc:	Permanentcollectionspans15thto20thcentury,EuropeanandAmericanpaintings,sculptureandworksonpaper.LocatedinHuntington,NY.

title:	The Hyde Collection Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hydecollection.org%2F
desc:	FoundedbyCharlottePruynHydein1952,themuseumexhibitsanimportantcollectionofEuropeanandAmericanworksofartandEuropeanantiques.IncludesworksbyPicasso,Cezanne,Renoir,Rembrandt,HomerandWhistler.LocatedinGlensFalls,NewYork.

title:	Memorial Art Gallery of the University of Rochester 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmag.rochester.edu%2F
desc:	Offersapanoramaoftheworld'sart,fromtherelicsofantiquitytoworksinthevanguardofcontemporarymovements.Includesdetailsofcollections,hours,admissionrates,eventsanddirections.

title:	Metropolitan Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Collectionscontainsmorethantwomillionworksofartspanningmorethan5,000yearsofworldculture,fromprehistorytothepresent.LocatedinManhattan,NewYorkCity.

title:	The Morgan Library & Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themorgan.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinmidtownManhattan,offerscollectionsofartistic,literary,andmusicalworks,fromancienttimestothemedievalandRenaissanceperiodstothepresentday.

title:	Queens Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.queensmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featuresdetailsofcollectionsandexhibitions,thehistoryofthebuilding,panoramatours,events,workshops,memberships,hours,admissionfees,anddirectionstothelocationinQueens,NewYork.

title:	Art Safari 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moma.org%2Finteractives%2Fartsafari%2F
desc:	Takeaspecialkids'touroftheMuseumofModernArtinNewYorkCity.

title:	Brooklyn Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brooklynkids.org%2F
desc:	Includesahistoryofthemuseum,aneventscalendar,memberships,andinformationonexhibits,programsandcollections.

title:	Children's Museum at Saratoga 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumatsaratoga.org%2F
desc:	Providingopportunitiesforchildrentolearnaboutscience,history,communityliving,andthearts.Includesacalendar,programs,membershipdetails,volunteeropportunities,hours,anddirectionstothelocationinSaratoga,NewYork.

title:	Children's Museum of History, Natural History, Science & Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum4kids.net%2F
desc:	Hands-onlearningcenterwithemphasisonlocalhistory,environmentalscience,andthearts.Containsdetailsaboutprogramsandexhibits,acalendarofevents,membership,anewsletter,volunteering,hours,admissionrates,anddirectionstothelocation.

title:	Children's Museum of Manhattan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmom.org%2F
desc:	Offersfivefloorsofliterature,science,mediaandartexhibits,andprograms.Containsinformationaboutprograms,exhibitions,memberships,classes,hours,admissionrates,anddirectionstothelocationinNewYorkCity,NewYork.

title:	The Children's Museum of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmost.org%2F
desc:	Programs,exhibits,outreach,andvisitorinformation.LocatedinTroy.

title:	Children's Museum of the Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmany.org%2F
desc:	NewYork,NewYork.Ahands-onartmuseumforchildren,foundedin1988.Featuresprofile,collections,exhibitions,membershipinformation,publicprograms,andrecentnews.

title:	Children's Museum of the East End 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmee.org%2F
desc:	News,events,andstore.LocatedinBridgehampton.

title:	Discovery Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thediscoverycenter.org%2F
desc:	Hands-onmuseumforchildrenandtheirfamilies.Includesdetailsofexhibits,events,programs,membershipdetails,hours,andadmission.LocatedinBinghamton,NewYork.

title:	Explore & More: A Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exploreandmore.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,exhibits,outreach,andhistory.LocatedinEastAurora.

title:	Jewish Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jcm.museum%2F
desc:	ThehomepagefortheJewishChildren'sMuseumlocatedinBrooklyn,NewYork.Avirtualtour,gamesandawebcam.

title:	Long Island Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.licm.org%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsofexhibits,programs,avirtualmuseum,membership,hours,admissionrates,anddirectionstothelocationinGardenCity,NewYork.

title:	Mid-Hudson Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mhcm.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,events,workshops,calendarofevents,andprograms.LocatedinPoughkeepsie.

title:	Sciencenter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencenter.org%2F
desc:	News,exhibits,andprograms.LocatedinIthaca.

title:	Staten Island Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fieldtrip.com%2Fny%2F82732060.htm
desc:	Museuminformationwithphotos.

title:	Staten Island Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsichildrensmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offersinteractiveexhibitionsandcreativeworkshopswithhands-onexperiences.Includesdetailsofcurrentexhibits,acalendarofevents,membershipinformation,avisitor'sguide,educationalandoutreachprograms,anddrivingdirections.

title:	Strong National Museum of Play 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofplay.org%2F
desc:	Rochester,NewYork.Hands-onhistorycenterforchildrenandfamilies.Providesinformationaboutthemuseumandsomeactivitiesfromtheirexhibitions.

title:	World Awareness Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldchildrensmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Aneducationalorganizationwhichfostersknowledgeandappreciationofworldculturethroughcollections,exhibitions,interactiveprogramming,internationalyouthartexchange,andeducatorledtours.LocatedGlensFalls.

title:	Empire State Theater & Musical Instrument Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSyracuse%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jrjunction.com%2Festmim
desc:	Non-profit,educationalorganizationdedicatedtothestudyandpreservationofmusicalsinstrumentsandsilentmovieequipment.Calendarofevents,membershipinformationanddirections.

title:	Erie Canal Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSyracuse%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eriecanalmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Private,nonprofitcorporationmaintainscanalrelatededucationalprograms,exhibitsandcollections.Includesinformationonhistory,exhibits,programsandonlinemuseumshop.

title:	Everson Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSyracuse%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.everson.org%2F
desc:	FirstmuseumdesignedbyI.M.Pei,exhibits18thto20thcenturyAmericanart:fromthetraditionaltothecuttingedge.

title:	George Eastman Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FR%2FRochester%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.eastman.org%2F
desc:	Collectsandinterpretsimages,films,andequipmentinthedisciplinesofphotographyandmotionpictureanditcaresforGeorgeEastman'shouseandgardens.

title:	Memorial Art Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FR%2FRochester%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmag.rochester.edu%2F
desc:	Fromtherelicsofantiquitytoworksinthevanguardofcontemporarymovements,theGalleryoffersapanoramaoftheworld'sart.

title:	Rochester Museum & Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FR%2FRochester%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmsc.org%2F
desc:	Createsinspiring,entertaining,andeducationalexperiences,enablingvisitorstoexplorescienceandtechnology,thenaturalenvironment,andtheregion'sculturalheritage.IncludestheCummingNatureCenter,RochesterMuseum,andStrasenburghPlanetarium.

title:	Strong Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FR%2FRochester%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofplay.org%2F
desc:	Hands-onhistorycenterforchildrenandfamilies.Providesinformationaboutthemuseumandsomeactivitiesfromtheirexhibitions.

title:	Susan B. Anthony House, The 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FR%2FRochester%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.susanbanthonyhouse.org%2F
desc:	HomeandartifactsofSusanB.Anthony.MuseumandNationalHistoricLandmarkofthechampionofsuffrage,abolition,temperanceandequalrights.

title:	The Children's Museum at Saratoga 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSaratoga_Springs%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumatsaratoga.org%2F
desc:	Themuseumiscommittedtoprovidingpositiveopportunitiesforchildrentolearnaboutscience,history,communitylivingandthearts.Programs,membership,hoursanddirectionsprovided.

title:	National Museum of Dance & Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSaratoga_Springs%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dancemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Housesagrowingcollectionofphotographs,videos,artifacts,costumes,biographiesandarchivescomprisingacontemporaryandretrospectiveexaminationofseminalcontributionstodance.Includesinformationoncurrentexhibitions,eventscalendar,programsandmemberships.

title:	National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSaratoga_Springs%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.racingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	InterpretingthehistoryandconveyingtheexcitementofThoroughbredracinginAmericatothebroadestpossibleaudience.

title:	New York State Military Museum and Veterans Research Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSaratoga_Springs%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdmna.ny.gov%2Fhistoric%2Fmil-hist.htm
desc:	ThissiteoffersinformationonthemilitaryhistoryinNewYorkStatefromthecolonialeratomoderntimes.ItspecializesintheCivilWar.

title:	Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FI%2FIthaca%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.cornell.edu%2F
desc:	Listsexhibitions,hours,courses,andrentalinformation.LocatedontheCornellUniversitycampus.

title:	American Folk Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_York_City%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.folkartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Feature18thand19thcenturypaintings,quilts,sculptures,andtheworkofcontemporaryself-taughtartists.Includeshours,fees,membershipdetails,eventsandprograms.

title:	Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_York_City%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cooperhewitt.org%2F
desc:	TheonlymuseumintheUnitedStatesdevotedexclusivelytohistoricandcontemporarydesign.

title:	Folk Arts Rajasthan, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_York_City%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.folkartsrajasthan.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationdedicatedtocelebratetheancientculturalheritageofRajasthan,WesternIndiabypreservingtraditionalmusic,danceandcrafts.Includesdetailsofcollectionandcontactinformation.

title:	Hispanic Society of America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_York_City%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hispanicsociety.org%2F
desc:	FreemuseumandreferencelibraryforthestudyoftheartsandculturesofSpain,Portugal,andLatinAmerica.[English/Spanish]

title:	New York City Museums on Readio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_York_City%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.readio.com%2Fmuseums%2Fnycmuseums.html
desc:	Shortdescriptionsofmuseums,withcontactinformationandsubwaydirections.Listedalphabeticallyorbytype.

title:	Lambert Castle Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lambertcastle.org%2Fmuseum.html
desc:	Featureslate19th-centuryperiodroomsandchangingexhibitsaboutlocalhistory,andincludesdetailsofexhibits,calendarofevents,hours,admission,membershipformanddirectionsinPaterson.

title:	The Meadowlands Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmeadowlandsmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Thehistoryanddevelopmentoftheareaanditscommunities,andincludesmanuscripts,photographs,mapsandotherpaperitems,andobjectssuchastextiles,tools,folkarts,toysandrocksandmineralsofthearea.

title:	National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in the Satte of New Jersey 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colonialdamesnj.org%2F
desc:	Operatestwomuseumproperties:PeachfieldPlantationinWestamptonandtheOldSchoolHouseinMt.Holly.Provideshours,details,anddirections.

title:	The West Milford Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westmilford.org%2Fcit-e-access%2Fwebpage.cfm%3FTID%3D11%26TPID%3D3979
desc:	Viewofthetownship'shistorythroughpermanentandchangingexhibitsofartifacts,documentsandphotographs.

title:	Garden State Discovery Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.discoverymuseum.com%2F
desc:	CherryHill,NewJersey.Ahands-onmuseumthatoffersfifteenlarger-than-life,kidpowered,interactiveexhibitareas.Sitehasprices,directionsandascheduleofexhibits.

title:	The Jersey Explorer Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jerseyexplorer.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsandpresentations,outreachprograms,gallery,anddirections.LocatedinEastOrange.

title:	Liberty Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Flsc.org%2F
desc:	JerseyCitylearningcenterincludes12museumexhibitionhalls,aliveanimalcollectionwith110species,giantaquariums,a3Dtheater,thenation'slargestIMAXDomeTheater,livesimulcastsurgeries,tornadoandhurricane-forcewindsimulators,K-12classroomsandlabs,andteacher-developmentprograms.Alsooffersoffsiteandonlineprograms.

title:	Farmer's Museum and Village Crossroads 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FC%2FCooperstown%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.farmersmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Turnbackthepagesoftimeto1845whilestrollingthroughthishistoricvillageandworkingfarmwithcraftspeoplewhocontinuethetraditionsandroutinesofruralAmericans.

title:	Fenimore Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FC%2FCooperstown%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fenimoreartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinCooperstown,NY,theFenimoreArtMuseumoffersarichcollectionofAmerican,folk,andAmericanIndianart,aswellasAmericandecorativeartsandphotography.

title:	New York State Historical Association and Fenimore Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FC%2FCooperstown%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nysha.org%2F
desc:	PremiercollectionsofAmericanFolkArt.FeatureschangingexhibitionsthatexplorethehistoryandthemesofAmerica'sfinestartandapermanentcollectionofJamesFenimoreCoopermemorabilia.

title:	Albany Institute of History and Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FA%2FAlbany%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albanyinstitute.org%2F
desc:	Adiversecollectionofmorethan20,000objectswhichreflectthesignificanceofAlbanyandtheUpperHudsonValleyregioninAmericanhistoryandarthistory.

title:	New York State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FLocalities%2FA%2FAlbany%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nysm.nysed.gov%2F
desc:	Science,education,artexhibits,andprogramsforallages.Themuseum'scollectionsincludescientificandhistoricalmaterialofnationalandinternationalimportance.

title:	New Jersey Aviation Hall of Fame & Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.njahof.org%2F
desc:	Preserving210yearsofthestate'saviationheritage.Includeshours,upcomingevents,phototouranddirections.LocatedinTeterboroAirport.

title:	Bergen Museum of Art & Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bergenmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Servesthecommunitybyprovidingvenuesforimportantexhibits,expressionoflocalartistsandartseducationthroughprogramsandyouthgallery.LocatedinParamus,NewJersey.

title:	The Newark Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newarkmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offersafullscheduleofexhibits,familyactivities,specialeventsandpublicprograms.

title:	Princeton University Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartmuseum.princeton.edu%2F
desc:	PermanentcollectionsrangefromantiquitiestocontemporaryartandfocusprimarilyonworksbyAmerican,EuropeanandLatinAmericanartists.

title:	Jundt Art Center and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSpokane%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gonzaga.edu%2FCampus-Resources%2FMuseums-and-Libraries%2FJundt-Art-Museum%2F
desc:	LocatedatGonzagaUniversity.

title:	Fort Walla Walla Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FW%2FWalla_Walla%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fwwm.org%2F
desc:	ContainsoneoftheNation'slargestcollectionsofhorsedrawnagriculturalequipment,14originalbuildingscirca1850andseveralotherinterestingcollections.Featuresscheduleofevents,membershipinformationandhighlightscollections.

title:	Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burkemuseum.org%2F
desc:	SponsoredbytheUniversityofWashington.

title:	The Center for Wooden Boats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cwb.org%2F
desc:	Ahands-onmaritimemuseumlocatedonLakeUnion.

title:	Center on Contemporary Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cocaseattle.org%2F
desc:	Includesevents,archives,andmembershipinformation.

title:	The Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthechildrensmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Theregion'spreeminentprivate,nonprofitlearninginstitutionfocusingoninteractiveartsandhumanitiesexhibitsandprogramsforchildrenandtheirfamilies.

title:	Frye Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffryemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionof19thand20thcenturyAmerican,German,andFrenchpaintings.

title:	Henry Art Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.henryart.org%2F
desc:	LocatedontheUniversityofWashingtoncampus,theHenryhasbuiltareputationforinnovativeprogramming,publiceducation,diversefilmandlectureseriesandexhibitionsthatarecontroversial,challengingandthought-provoking.

title:	Herbert H Warrick Jr. Museum of Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumofcommunications.org%2F
desc:	Informationandalookatwhatthemuseumhastooffervisitors.

title:	Museum of Flight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofflight.org%2F
desc:	thelargestaviationmuseumonthewestcoast.Goodhistoricalinformationandphotos.

title:	Museum of History & Industry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mohai.org%2F
desc:	MOHAIislocatedinMcCurdyPark,andpreservesandteachesthediversehistoryofSeattle,thePugetSoundregionandthenation.

title:	Nordic Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nordicmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Highlightscurrentandpermanentexhibitionsandprovideseventscalendar,volunteeropportunities,andbookstorecatalog.

title:	Pacific Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificsciencecenter.org%2F
desc:	Ascienceandeducationalmuseum,IMAXtheater,planetarium,andscienceexhibitsattheSeattleCenter.

title:	Seattle Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seattleartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Informationaboutitscollection,exhibitions,andprograms.

title:	Wing Luke Asian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSeattle%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wingluke.org%2F
desc:	"Apan-AsianPacificAmericanMuseumdevotedtothecollection,preservationanddisplayofAsianPacificAmericanculture,historyandart."

title:	Museums Association of Montana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.montanamuseums.org%2F
desc:	Promotesprofessionalismandcooperationamongthestate'smuseums.Includesdirectoryofmemberinstitutions.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Missouri 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FMO.php
desc:	SearchableguidetoMissourimuseums,artsorganizations,historicalsocieties.

title:	Nebraska State Historical Society Facilities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nebraskahistory.org%2Fsites%2F
desc:	Givesdescriptions,hoursandlocationofhistoricattractionssponsoredbythisorganization.

title:	University of Nebraska State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseum.unl.edu%2F
desc:	Featuresprehistoricreconstructionsofmammals,reptilesanddinosaurs.Planetariumshows.Listsvisitinghours,locationandgeneralexplanationaboutthecreationoftheexhibits.LocationsinLincoln(mainbranch),fossilbedinNorthAntelopecountyandafacilityonnaturalhistoryinCrawford.

title:	American Airpower Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FRegions%2FLong_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Famericanairpowermuseum.com%2F
desc:	AmuseumcommemoratingtheWorldWarTwobigironbirds,especiallytheRepublicP-47"Thunderbolt".SitehasgoodinfoandphotosofWW2aircraft.

title:	Cradle of Aviation Museum at Mitchel Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FRegions%2FLong_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cradleofaviation.org%2F
desc:	DesignedtostimulateandeducatethepublicaboutLongIsland'sroleinthehistoryanddevelopmentofaviationandspacetechnology.

title:	East  End Seaport Museum & Marine Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FRegions%2FLong_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eastendseaport.org%2F
desc:	Preservesthemaritimeheritageoftheareaandincludesgiftandblacksmithshops.Calendarofevents,newsletter,children'sevents,andmemberandvolunteeropportunities.LocatedinGreenport.

title:	Hicksville Gregory Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FRegions%2FLong_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gregorymuseum.org%2F
desc:	HousedinthehistoricHeitzPlaceCourthouse,anddedicatedtoprovidingexhibitsandarangeofscienceandcraftworkshopsforchildrenandadults.

title:	Long Island Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FRegions%2FLong_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.limaritime.org%2F
desc:	PreservingLongIsland'sregionalmaritimeheritageforeducationalpurposes.Informationonoysters,shipwrecksandgreatevents.

title:	Mattituck-Laurel Historical Society and Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FRegions%2FLong_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mlhistoricalsociety.org%2F
desc:	Takeastrollthroughtimeanda"livingmuseum"wherethepastisrecreatedonalife-sizescalewhenyouvisittheMattituck-LaurelHistoricalSociety.

title:	The Vanderbilt Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York%2FRegions%2FLong_Island%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanderbiltmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Museumandplanetarium.WastheresidenceandmuseumbuiltforWilliamK.VanderbiltII,great-grandsonofNewYork'sfamedrailroadandshippingmagnate"Commodore"CorneliusVanderbilt.

title:	Mississippi Music Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msmusic.org%2F
desc:	ShowcasesMississippimusiciansandencouragespublicinterestinandeducationaboutMississippi'smusicheritage.

title:	Museum of the Southern Jewish Experience 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isjl.org%2Fmuseum.html
desc:	Aprivate,not-for-profitcorporationwhichinterprets,documents,andpreservesthelongandrichtraditionofJewishlifeintheSouththroughexhibits,publicprograms,publications,historicpreservation,andcommunityoutreach.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Mississippi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FMS.php
desc:	SearchableguidetoMississippimuseums,artsorganizationsandhistoricalsocieties.

title:	Library of American Broadcasting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lib.umd.edu%2FLAB%2F
desc:	UniversityofMarylandmuseumlocatedinCollegePark.History,resourcesandonlinecatalog.

title:	Maryland Association of History Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mahm.org%2F
desc:	Allianceofhistorical,cultural,andeducationalinstitutionswithinthestate.Providesanonlinedirectory,membershipdetailsandanapplication,news,acalendarofeventsandgrantinformation.LocatedinBaltimore.

title:	MuseumStuff.com - Louisiana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FLA.php
desc:	SearchabledirectoryofLouisianamuseums,artsandhistoricalassociations,zoos,andrelatedculturalattractions.

title:	Maine Archives and Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mainemuseums.org%2F
desc:	Adirectoryof300+museums,libraries,historicalsocietiesinMaine.Thesiteandorganizationisdedicatedtopromoting,preserving,andeducatingcitizensonMainehistoryandculture.

title:	The Maine Art Museum Trail 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maineartmuseums.org%2F
desc:	SevendistinguishedartmuseumsfeatureworkbyMaineartistsandmasterpiecesbyPierre-AugusteRenoir,EdgarDegas,MaryCassatt,andPabloPicasso.Linkstothemuseumsandatrailmapprovided.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Maine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FME.php
desc:	Directoryofmuseums,historicalsocieties,artsorganizationsandotherculturalattractions.

title:	Kentucky Military History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistory.ky.gov%2Fkentucky-military-history-museum%2F
desc:	EmphasizestheserviceoftheKentuckyMilitia,StateGuard,andothervolunteermilitaryorganizations,fromtheRevolutionthroughtheGulfWar.Includescalendarofeventsandhours.LocatedinFrankfort.

title:	The Kentucky Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wku.edu%2Fkentuckymuseum%2F
desc:	Providesresearchers,scholars,andvisitorswithabroad-basedoverviewofthestate'shistory,culture,andpeople.Includeshours,admissionfees,activitiesanddirections.LocatedinBowlingGreen.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Kentucky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FKY.php
desc:	Searchableguideofmuseums,artsorganizations,historicalsocieties,historicalhomes,andartgalleries.

title:	Association of Indiana Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianamuseums.org%2F
desc:	Providesmissionstatement,memberbenefits,membershipform,events,news,detailsofseminarsandworkshopsandajobbank.LocatedinIndianapolis.

title:	Indiana State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianamuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedatWhiteRiverStateParkinIndianapolis.Descriptionoffacilities,sites,calendar,servicesoffered,andvolunteerinformation.

title:	Indiana Transportation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itm.org%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,admissionsinformation,boardandoperatingstaff,equipment,membership,andspecialprograms.

title:	Blaine County Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bchistoricalmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Focusiscountyhistory,includingexhibitsofmining,railroads,andsheep.LocatedinHailey.

title:	Herrett Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fherrett.csi.edu%2F
desc:	Materialsrelatedtoprehistoricindigenouscultures.LocatedinTwinFallsattheCollegeofSouthernIdaho.

title:	Historical Museum at St. Gertrude 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicalmuseumatstgertrude.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalartifactsrelatedtoNorthIdaho.Listofevents,exhibits,andinformationaboutcontributing.LocatedinCottonwood.

title:	Idaho Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fimnh.isu.edu%2F
desc:	MaterialsrelatedtotheIntermountainWest.Informationaboutclasses,exhibits,andnewsletter.LocatedinPocatello.

title:	Jerome County Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicaljeromecounty.com%2Fmuseum.dsp
desc:	Informationaboutirrigationdevelopment.LocatedinJerome.

title:	McConnell Mansion Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latahcountyhistoricalsociety.org%2F
desc:	LatahCountyhistory.LocatedinMoscow.

title:	Museum of North Idaho 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumni.org%2F
desc:	RegionalhistorymuseumlocatedinCoeurd'Alene.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Idaho 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FID.php
desc:	Searchableguidetomuseumsandartsorganizationsinthestate.

title:	American Independence Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.independencemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Directions,admissionprices,calendarofprogramsandevents,somehistoryaboutthetownofExeterandcontactinformation.

title:	Children's Museum of Portsmouth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrens-museum.org%2F
desc:	Handsonartsandscienceactivitiesandexhibitsforallages.Listsprogramsandworkshops,eventcalendar,membershipinformation,volunteersignup,drivingdirections,andkids'andeducators'pages.

title:	Mt. Kearsarge Indian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianmuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedonthesideofMt.KearsargeinWarner,anddedicatedtoincreasingpublicawarenessofAmericanAmericantraditions,philosophy,andart.Includeson-linetour,calendarofevents,NativeAmericanlinks,historyofthemuseum,andmembershipandvolunteerinformation.

title:	New Hampshire Boat Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhbm.org%2F
desc:	Antiqueandclassicwatercraft.Informationonexhibits,hours,admissionfees,lectures,andactivities.LocatedinWolfeboro.

title:	New Hampshire Farm Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.farmmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ThehistoryoffarminginNewHampshirethrougheducationaldisplaysandprogramsatanhistoricworkingfarminMilford.

title:	Strawbery Banke Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strawberybanke.org%2F
desc:	LivinghistorymuseuminPortsmouthrecreateseverydaylifeinthePuddleDockneighborhoodfromthe1600'stothe1950's.Eventcalendar,buildingdescriptions,programs,map,anddirections.

title:	Wright Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wrightmuseum.org%2F
desc:	AmuseuminWolfeboroabouttheWorldWarIIyearswithbothwarexhibitssuchasaircraftandtanks,andexhibitsfromeverydaylife,suchaswashingmachinesandtoys.Schoolprogramsandspecialevents.

title:	Illinois Association of Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.illinoismuseums.org%2F
desc:	Independentassociationofhistoryandsciencemuseums,zoos,historicalsocieties,botanicalgardens,arboretaandotherculturalinstitutions.Includesresourcesformuseumprofessionals,jobpostingsandadirectoryofIllinoismuseumsforvisitors.

title:	Kane-DuPage Regional Museum Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kdrma.org%2F
desc:	AssociationofMuseumsintheChicagosuburbancommunitieslocatedinKaneandDuPageCounties.Includeslistingsformembermuseumswithlinkstomuseumwebsitesandacalendarofevents.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Illinois 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FIL.php
desc:	Searchableguideofmuseums,artsorganizations,historicalsocieties,historicalhomes,andartgalleries.

title:	MuseumStuff.com: All Museums in Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FGA.php
desc:	SearchableguidetoGeorgiamuseums,artsorganizations,historicalsocieties.

title:	State of Delaware - Division of Historical and Cultural Affairs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FDelaware%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistory.delaware.gov%2Fmuseums%2F
desc:	PhotographswithcommentaryonmuseumsandhistoricsitesinDelaware.

title:	Florida Association of Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flamuseums.org%2F
desc:	Organizationofferinglinkstomorethan300museumsstatewide.Searchablemapandlist,currentexhibits,membershipinformation.

title:	MuseumStuff.com: Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FFL.php
desc:	Searchabledirectoryofmuseumsstatewide,organizedalphabeticallybycity.Searchbynameorsubjectmatter.

title:	Nevada Northern Railway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nnry.com%2F
desc:	HomeoftheGhostTraininEly,Nevada.Includesitshistory,photos,specialevents,schedule,routeandfares.

title:	Nevada State Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsrm-friends.org%2F
desc:	Steamlocomotivesandrestoredcoaches,chieflyfromtheVirginiaandTruckeeRailroad.Events,operatingschedule,andequipmentroster.InCarsonCity,Nevada.

title:	Beatty Museum and Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbeattymuseum.org%2F
desc:	ThehistoryoftheBullfrogMiningDistrictandSouthernNyeCounty,includingaresearchcenter.

title:	Boulder City Museum and Historical Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bcmha.org%2F
desc:	Offersthree-dimensional,interactivedisplaysandexhibits,photographs,artifacts,andoralhistoriesofthemenandwomenwhobuiltthefacility.

title:	Churchill County Museum and Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Artifactsdonatedbylocalresidentsoverthepastcentury,aswellasrecordsforcountyattheturnofthecenturyinFallon.

title:	Kalamazoo Valley Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkvm.kvcc.edu%2F
desc:	Themuseumshowcasesawidevarietyofhistoricalandtechnologicalexhibitsandhandsonactivities.Directionsandevents.

title:	Mackinac State Historic Parks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mackinacparks.com%2F
desc:	InformationonColonialMichilimackinac,HistoricMillCreek,OldMackinacPointLight,FortMackinac,andMackinacIsland'sHistoricDowntown.

title:	Marquette Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mqtmaritimemuseum.com%2F
desc:	MarquetteandGreatLakesmaritimehistoryexhibits.Includesinformationaboutthemuseum,thelighthouselenscollection,SilentServiceMemorial,giftshop,andlinks.

title:	Mary's City of David: Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maryscityofdavid.org%2Fhtml%2Fmuseum.html
desc:	BentonHarbor.ThestoryofanAmericancommunalsociety,TheHouseofDavid.Containstourinformation,events,history,photographs,writings,andagiftshop.

title:	Michigan State University Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.msu.edu%2F
desc:	Foundedin1857,oneoftheoldestmuseumsintheMidwest.Apublicstewardfor2.5millionobjectsorspecimensofculturalandnaturalhistoryfromaroundtheworld.Includesinformationaboutexhibitsandresearch.

title:	Michigan Woman's Historical Center and Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.michiganwomenshalloffame.org%2F
desc:	Themuseum'sfocusisonmaterialwhichwasmadeby,usedby,orrelatedtoMichiganwomen'shistory,pastandpresent.Itfeaturesexhibitions,lectures,specialevents,andtheMichiganWomen'sHallofFame.

title:	Michigan's Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.michigansmilitarymuseum.com%2F
desc:	Holdsover400exhibits,eachdevotedtoaMichigansoldier,sailor,orairman.Offersasmallvirtualtour.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Michigan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FMI.php
desc:	SearchableguidetoMichiganmuseums,artsorganizations,historicalsocieties.

title:	S.S. City of Milwaukee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carferry.com%2F
desc:	TheNationalHistoricLandmarkS.S.CityofMilwaukeeisthelasttraditionalGreatLakestrain/passengerferry.The70year-oldvesseliscurrentlyopentothepublicinManistee,Michiganfortoursandprograms.

title:	St. Ignace Mission 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.michigan.gov%2Fmiplaces%2F0%2C1607%2C7-244-45899_47332-54630--%2C00.html
desc:	St.Ignace.FatherMarquetteburialsite,MarquetteMissionPark,MuseumofOjibwaCulture.NationalHistoricLandmark,listedOctober10,1960.

title:	Tahquamenon Logging Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.superiorsights.com%2Floggingmuseum%2F
desc:	LocatedinMichigan'sUpperPeninsula.Featureslogginghistoryandcalendarofeventsincludingitsfamouslumberjackbreakfasts.

title:	The Children's Museum of Northern Nevada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmnn.org%2F
desc:	Exhibits,calendar,programs,news,andgiftshop.LocatedinCarsonCity.

title:	Discovery Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.discoverykidslv.org%2F
desc:	LasVegas,Nevada.Aneducationalandculturalinstitution,focusingonlearningexperiencesinthearts,sciencesandhumanities.Featuresprofile,aneventcalendar,membershipinformation,tours,partyrentals,andcontactdetails.

title:	The Auto Collections 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autocollections.com%2F
desc:	Showcasesavarietyofcarsforsalefromthe1920stothe1980s.LocatedinLasVegas.

title:	National Automobile Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.automuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featuresmorethan220antique,vintage,classicandspecialinterestvehicles.Includesphotosanddetailsofgalleries,calendarofevents,memberships,hours,admissionanddirections.LocatedinReno,Nevada.

title:	The Goldwell Open Air Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goldwellmuseum.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesoutdoorsculpturesbyprominentBelgianartists.Includesmembershipdetailsanddirections.LocatednearRhyolite.

title:	Nevada Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nevadaart.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesmodernandcontemporaryworksbyartistsincludingRoyLichtenstein,GeorgiaO'KeeffeandWilliamWegman.LocatedinReno.

title:	MuseumStuff.com: Colorado 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FCO.php
desc:	Linksanddescriptionsofmuseums,zoos,galleriesandattractionsthroughoutthestate.

title:	Connecticut Museum Quest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctmq.org%2F
desc:	PersonalblogofStephenWoodwithreviewsfromdozensofmuseumvisitsacrossthestate.

title:	Museums in Connecticut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sots.ct.gov%2Fsots%2Fcwp%2Fview.asp%3Fa%3D3188%26q%3D392598%23MUSEUMS
desc:	Listedbytownorcity,withdescriptionandcontactinformation.

title:	Museumstuff.com: All Museums in Connecticut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FCT.php
desc:	Directoryofmuseumswithdescriptionsandhyperlinks.

title:	Arkansas Museums Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.armusa.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtopromotionofprofessionalstandardsinthestate'smuseums.Includesdetailsofservices,memberships,directoryofmembers,meetingminutes,scholarshipapplicationandlinkstomembermuseums.LocatedinLittleRock.

title:	University of Alaska Museum Fine Arts Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlaska%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uaf.edu%2Fmuseum%2Fcollections%2Ffineart%2F
desc:	Thecollectionrepresentsarecordofculturalrichnessandaestheticdiversityandincludesnearlythreethousandworksofart.

title:	MuseumStuff.com: Alabama 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2Fstates%2FAL.php
desc:	Directoryofmuseumsinthestatebycityandtopic.

title:	The University of Alabama Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseums.ua.edu%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationandlinkstoMoundvilleArchaeologicalPark,AlabamaMuseumofNaturalHistory,GorgasHouse,OfficeofArchaeologicalServicesandthePaulW.BryantMuseum.

title:	Mexican Fine Arts Center Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FMexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalmuseumofmexicanart.org%2F
desc:	ThefirstMexicanculturalcenter/museumintheMidwestandthelargestinthenation.LocatedinChicago.

title:	Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berkshirescenicrailroad.org%2F
desc:	Stationhistory,museuminformation,thecollection,andspecialevents.LocatedinLenox,Massachusetts.

title:	Boston Tea Party Ship & Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bostonteapartyship.com%2F
desc:	HistoricaldescriptionoftheeventsofDecember16,1773alongwithinformationontours,specialeventsandactivities.Onlinepurchaseofadmissionticketsprovided.

title:	Essex Shipbuilding Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.essexshipbuildingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Museum,visitor,andshipyardinformation.

title:	Hull Lifesaving Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifesavingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	MuseumofBostonHarborheritageoffersitsmissionstatement,programs,articles,newsletter,photogallery,giftshop,andinformationonmembership.

title:	Maritime and Irish Mossing Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscituatehistoricalsociety.org%2Fmaritime%2F
desc:	Featuresgeneralandhistoricalinformation.LocatedinScituate.

title:	MIT Museum - Hart Nautical 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmitmuseum.mit.edu%2Fcollection%2Fhart-nautical
desc:	TheFrancisRussellHartNauticalCollections.OneofthelargestcollectionsofshipplansanddrawingsintheNortheast.Programs,activities,exhibitsandresearchinformation.

title:	Nantucket Shipwreck and Lifesaving Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nantucketshipwreck.org%2Fshipwreck-lifesaving-museum%2Fabout%2F
desc:	Generalandvisitorinformationwithimages.LocatedonNantucketIsland.

title:	New Bedford Whaling Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whalingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Eventscalendar,news,collections,membershipandareainformation.

title:	Old Harbor Lifesaving Station 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fcaco%2Fhistoryculture%2Fold-harbor-life-saving-station.htm
desc:	Historicalandvisitorinformation.LocatedonRacePointBeach.

title:	Woods Hole Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.woodsholemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Providesaschedule,directions,archive,historicphotos,andagiftshop.

title:	Plimouth Plantation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPlymouth%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FPlimouth_Plantation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plimoth.org%2F
desc:	Livinghistorymuseum,libraryandeducationcenteroffersinformationontheMayflower,NativeAmericanhistoryandPilgrimliveinthe17thcentury.

title:	Cape Cod Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcapecodchildrensmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Mashpee.Anon-profitorganization,offershandsonexhibits,pirateship,indoorplanetarium,sandroom,puppettheater,toddlerplayareaandgiftshop.

title:	Children's Museum at Holyoke 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumholyoke.org%2F
desc:	Information,programs,andexhibits.

title:	Children's Museum in Easton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumineaston.org%2F
desc:	Hands-onexhibits,classesandprograms,events,andparties.LocatedinNorthEaston.

title:	Children's Museum of Boston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bostonchildrensmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Boston,Massachusetts.Hands-onlearningcenterforkids,parentsandteachers.Informationonhours,exhibits,events,membershipandthemuseumshop.

title:	The Discovery Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.discoverymuseums.org%2F
desc:	Acton,Massachusetts.Twoseparatemuseumswithinteractiveexhibitsforchildrenofallagesinvitingexplorationanddiscovery.Includesgeneralinformation,directions,programs,andcontactdetails.

title:	Attleboro Area Industrial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.industrialmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofartifacts,photographs,documents,publications,tools,andmachinerythatrelatetothearea.

title:	Carpenter Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carpentermuseum.org%2F
desc:	Over5,000artifactsrelatingtothehistoryofRehobothandthefamilies.

title:	Charles River Museum of Industry & Innovation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.charlesrivermuseum.org%2F
desc:	Providesanexplorationofthehistory,andincludesinformationonexhibits,hours,membershipandfacilityrental.

title:	Clara Barton Birthplace Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarabartonbirthplace.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothefounderoftheAmericanRedCross.Featuresexhibits,ahistoryoftheproperty,hours,volunteeropportunities,memberbenefits,donations,anddirectionstothelocationinNorthOxford.

title:	Concord Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.concordmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Presentingcommunityhistory,includingartifacts,tools,furnishingandhouseholdgoods.Includesdetailsofgalleries,calendarofevents,hours,admission,memberships,educationalprograms,linksanddirections.

title:	The Essex Shipbuilding Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.essexshipbuildingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ThestoryofasmallNewEnglandvillagethatbuiltmoretwo-mastedwoodenfishingschoonersthananyotherplaceintheworld.

title:	Historic Northampton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicnorthampton.org%2F
desc:	Collectionofapproximately50,000objectsandthreehistoricbuildingsistherepositoryofNorthamptonandConnecticutValleyhistory.Includesvirtualtoursandexhibits,events,hours,Friends'memberships,linksanddirections.

title:	Lynn Museum and Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lynnmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Thelocalhistoryofthecityandthearea.

title:	Memorial Hall Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdeerfield-ma.org%2Fabout%2Fmemorial-hall-museum-and-library%2F
desc:	ExplorenineteenexhibitionroomstoviewartifactsanddocumentsaboutNewEngland'shistory.Includescollectionsonline,specialevents,hours,andadmissionfees.LocatedinOldDeerfield.

title:	The Museum of Printing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofprinting.org%2F
desc:	Specialcollectionsandsmallexhibitsthatincludesantiqueprinting,typesettingandbinderymachines,aswellasalibraryofbooksandprintingrelateddocumentsinNorthAndover.

title:	Old South Meeting House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldsouthmeetinghouse.org%2F
desc:	Builtin1729,wasthelargestbuildingincolonialBostonandprovidedastagefortheAmericanRevolution.Includesdetailsofexhibits,hours,admissionfees,calendarofevents,membershipsanddirections.

title:	The Hull Lifesaving Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FRegions%2FGreater_Boston%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifesavingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	MuseumofBostonHarborheritageoffersitsmissionstatement,programs,articles,newsletter,photogallery,giftshop,andinformationonmembership.

title:	The Museum of Bad Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FRegions%2FGreater_Boston%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofbadart.org%2F
desc:	Community-based,privateinstitutiondedicatedtobadart,withagalleryinDedhamandlocalexhibitions.Includesonlinegalleries,eventlists,membershipinformation,andagiftshop.

title:	American Textile History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLowell%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.athm.org%2F
desc:	Textiles,tours,anddecorativeartsarejustafewoftheexhibitsandactivities,includingdemonstrationsandspecialevents.

title:	National Streetcar Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLowell%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trolleymuseum.org%2Flowell%2F
desc:	OpenedbytheSeashoreTrolleyMuseum(locatedinMaine)asaspecialexhibittoexplorethehistoryofurbanrailtransportation.Includesexhibitinformation,locationanddirections.

title:	New England Quilt Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLowell%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nequiltmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Themuseumactivelycollectsandpreservesantiqueandcontemporaryquiltsandquiltrelateditems.Includesinformationonvisiting,membershipandprograms.

title:	The Art Complex Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artcomplex.org%2F
desc:	Collectionfeaturesprints,Shakerfurniture,Asianart,andAmericanpainting.Offersworkshops,events,lectures,concerts,classes,educationalprograms,avolunteerprogram,andopportunitiesforartists.IncludeshoursanddirectionstothelocationinDuxbury,Massachusetts.

title:	Cahoon Museum of American Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cahoonmuseum.org%2F
desc:	HighlightstheprimitivepaintingsofRalphandMarthaCahoon,andacollectionof19th-andearly20th-centuryAmericanart.Includesaschedule,classes,hours,admissions,membershipdetails,anddirectionstothelocationinCotuit,Massachusetts.

title:	Cyrus E. Dallin Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dallin.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtotheAmericansculptor,bestknownforhis"AppealtotheGreatSpirit"and"PaulRevere"statues.Providesavirtualtour,hours,volunteeropportunities,anddirectionstothelocationinArlington,Massachusetts.

title:	Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gardnermuseum.org%2F
desc:	BostonmuseumofinternationalartfoundedbycollectorandphilanthropistIsabellaStewartGardner.

title:	Mead Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amherst.edu%2Fmuseums%2Fmead%2F
desc:	Includesacollectionofover14,000worksbyinternationalartists.LocatedatAmherstCollege,Amherst,Massachusetts.

title:	Mount Holyoke College Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtholyoke.edu%2Fartmuseum%2F
desc:	PossessionsincludeAsianart,19thand20th-centuryEuropeanandAmericanpaintingsandsculpture,Egyptian,Greek,andRomanart,Medievalsculpture,earlyItalianRenaissancepaintings,andacollectionofprints,drawings,andphotographs.LocatedinSouthHadley.

title:	Museum of Fine Arts, Boston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mfa.org%2F
desc:	Internationalmuseumoffineart.

title:	Peabody Essex Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pem.org%2F
desc:	Collectionsexceed2.4millionworksofartandcultureintwenty-fourbuildings,includingtheYinYuTang,theonlycompleteQingDynastyhouselocatedoutsideChina.Includesavisitor'sguide,programs,events,volunteerismanddirectionstothelocationinSalem,Massachusetts.

title:	Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarkart.edu%2F
desc:	Fineartsmuseumoffersinformationonresearchandacademicprograms,museumprograms,events,acafeandamuseumshop.Includesacalendarofevents,hours,admissionrates,anddirectionstothelocationinWilliamstown,Massachusetts.

title:	Williams College Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwcma.williams.edu%2F
desc:	Emphasizesmodernandcontemporaryart,Americanartfromthelate18thcenturytopresent,andtheartofworldcultures.Containsdetailsofexhibitsandcollections,educationalevents,membershipdetails,hours,anddirectionstothelocationinWilliamstown,Massachusetts.

title:	Fort Taber Historical Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_Bedford%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forttaber.org%2F
desc:	Includesinformationaboutgroup,historyoffort,andmembershipapplication.

title:	New Bedford Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_Bedford%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewbedfordart.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitionsofartworkfromaroundthecornerandacrosstheocean.Sitefeaturesaneventscalendar,directionsandcontactinformation,partneringinformationandcommunitylinks.

title:	New Bedford Whaling Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_Bedford%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whalingmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Eventscalendar,news,collections,membershipandareainformation.

title:	Rotch-Jones-Duff House and Garden Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_Bedford%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rjdmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Thiswebsiteshowcasesa28roomGreekRevivalmansionthatwasbuiltforwhalingmerchantWilliamRotch,Jr.in1834.Thesiteoffersalistingofupcomingevents,detailsonbookingthehouseforeventssuchasweddings,andmembershipandvolunteeringinformation.

title:	The Schooner Ernestina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FN%2FNew_Bedford%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ernestina.org%2F
desc:	GrandBanksfishingschoonerrecognizedasaNationalHistoricLanmarkbytheDepartmentoftheInterior.Informationonitshistory,eventscalendar,programsandmembership.

title:	California State Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csrmf.org%2F
desc:	Preservesthehistoryandartifactsofrailroading.Includesgeneralinformationandrailhistory.

title:	Golden Gate Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ggrm.org%2F
desc:	Anonprofitorganizationdedicatedtothepreservationofsteamandpassengerrailroadequipment,andtheinterpretationoflocalrailroadhistory.LocatedinSanFrancisco,California.

title:	Lomita Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lomita-rr.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtokeepingsteam-erarailroadingalive.News,history,events,hours,admissionanddirections.LocatedinLomita,California.

title:	Orange Empire Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oerm.org%2F
desc:	RailwaymuseumwithrailwaycarsandlocomotivesfromSouthernCalifornia.Opendailyyearround,trainsoperateeveryweekendandforspecialevents.

title:	Pacific Southwest Railway Museum Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.psrm.org%2F
desc:	Hands-ondisplayandinterpretationofhistoricrailroadartifactsandtechnology.

title:	Santa Maria Valley Railway Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smvrhm.org%2F
desc:	HistoryoftherailroadheritageofCalifornia,theCentralCoast,andtheSantaMariaValley.Includescollectionbackground,membershipandcontactinformation.

title:	Santa Susana Depot and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.santasusannadepot.org%2F
desc:	TheSantaSusanaDepotisarestoredSouthernPacific1903depot.

title:	South Coast Railroad Museum. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goletadepot.org%2F
desc:	Walkingtour,museumstore,modelrailroadexhibit.LocatedinGoleta,California.

title:	Western America Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barstowrailmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Virtualexhibit,project,collection,andmuseuminformation.LocatedinBarstow,California.

title:	Western Pacific Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wplives.org%2F
desc:	OperatedbytheFeatherRiverRailSociety,thismuseumoffersalocomotiverentalprogram.LocatedinPortola.

title:	Western Railway Museum - California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westernrailwaymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Specializesinthehistoryofelectricrailwaytransportation,particularlyintheWesternUSAandCalifornia.

title:	Cave Creek Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcavecreekmuseum.org%2F
desc:	AcollectionofprehistoricandhistoricartifactsdescribethelivesofIndians,miners,ranchersandpioneers.

title:	Mohave Museum of History and Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mohavemuseum.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtothepurposesofpreservingtheheritageofNorthwesternArizona.Featuresdetailsofexhibits,photos,memberships,publicationsforsale,alibrary,anditslocationinKingman.

title:	Scottsdale Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scottsdalemuseum.com%2F
desc:	Localhistoryofthecityandarea.

title:	Superstition Mountain Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.superstitionmountainmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ExhibitsincludetheLostDutchman'sGoldMineMaps,goldsamplesfromlocalmines,NativeAmericanartifacts,culturalitemsfromfamilyandmilitarylifeintheArizonafrontieratApacheJunction.

title:	Tempe History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tempe.gov%2Fcity-hall%2Fcommunity-services%2Ftempe-history-museum
desc:	Featuresartifactsfromprehistorictimestothepresent.Anoverviewincludeshoursandadmissionfees,astaffdirectory,thehistoryandvisionofthemuseum,programs,volunteeropportunities,anddirections.

title:	Arizona Railway Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.azrymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationdedicatedtotherailwaysofArizonaandtheSouthwest.Includesamissionstatement,equipmentroster,events,projects,locationandcontactinformation.LocatedinChandler.

title:	Southern Arizona Transportation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FRailroad%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftucsonhistoricdepot.org%2F
desc:	Preservesandinterpretsrailroadheritagethrougheducationaloutreach,oralhistoryandarchivalcollections.LocatedintheformerSouthernPacificRailroadDepotinTucson,Arizona.

title:	Pima Air and Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pimaair.org%2F
desc:	Featurescollectionofmorethan250aircraft,occupyingover150acres.Includesonlineexhibits,archives,library,eventsschedule,hoursandadmissionprices,andmembershipinformation.LocatedinTucson.

title:	California Academy of Sciences Natural History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calacademy.org%2F
desc:	Currentexhibits,thenaturalistcenter,andkidscorner.LocatedinSanFrancisco,California.

title:	Humboldt State University Natural History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humboldt.edu%2Fnatmus%2F
desc:	Exhibits,programs,newsletters,visitorinformation,andstore.LocatedinArcata.

title:	Natural History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naturalhistorysantamaria.com%2F
desc:	Featuresdisplaysofbirdsandanimalsfromwoodlands,thePacificflyway,coastalsealife,abatbarnandfossils.Includesmembershipdetails,events,photos,anewsletter,ateachers'corner,volunteerinformation,andhours.LocatedinSantaMaria,California.

title:	Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhm.org%2F
desc:	ThirdlargestnaturalscienceandculturalhistorymuseumintheUS,withmorethan35millionartifactsandspecimens.Animaldioramas,dinosaurandfossilhalls,gemandmineraldisplays,ahands-onDiscoveryCenterandanInsectZoo.

title:	Oakland Museum of California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumca.org%2F
desc:	Specializesinthenaturalscience,historyandartoftheGoldenState.Describescurrentexhibitions,permanentgalleriesandprojects,ahistoryofthemuseum,events,membershipdetails,hours,anddirections.

title:	Pacific Grove Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pgmuseum.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoexhibitingandinterpretingthenaturalhistoryofMontereyCounty.SitealsodescribesthePointPinoslighthouseandtheMonarchGrovebutterflysanctuary.

title:	Page Museum -  La Brea Tar Pits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tarpits.org%2F
desc:	ExhibitsextinctIceAgeplantsandanimals.Includeshoursandadmissionrates,FAQs,anddirectionstothelocationinLosAngeles.

title:	San Diego Natural History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdnhm.org%2F
desc:	FocusesonsouthernCaliforniaandBajaCalifornia.Eventscalendar,research,education,exhibits,fieldguide,kids'area,andgeneralinformation.

title:	Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbnature.org%2F
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthefacility,includinghoursofoperationandoffersphotosofexhibits.Alsofeaturesinformationonclassesandworkshops,andacalendarofevents.

title:	Santa Cruz Museum of Natural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsantacruzmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Events,news,exhibits,andeducatorprograms.

title:	Youth Science Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FNatural_History%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ysi-ca.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsfeaturenativeanimals,geology,dinosaurs,birds,insects,andothernaturalsciencetopicsinthreenaturecentersinSantaClaraCounty.Includesdetailsofevents,programs,anewsletter,employmentopportunities,andvolunteerism.

title:	Canada Aviation and Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.casmuseum.techno-science.ca%2F
desc:	CalendarofeventsandimagesofaircraftfromtheaeronauticalcollectionlocatedinOttawa,Ontario.[FrenchandEnglish]

title:	Alberta Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albertaaviationmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Providesevents,tour,andaircrafttypeswithinformationandimageslocatedatEdmonton.

title:	Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atlanticcanadaaviationmuseum.com%2F
desc:	AbasicsitedescribingNovaScotia'sonlymuseumdevotedtopreservingallaspectsofthisprovince'saviationheritage.LocatedinHalifax,NS.

title:	British Columbia Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bcam.net%2F
desc:	DedicatedtopreservingaircraftandartifactsrelatedtothehistoryofaviationinCanada,withemphasisonBritishColumbiaaviationhistory.LocatedinSidney,BritishColumbia,onthesoutheastcornerofVictoriaInternationalAirport.

title:	Calgary Aero Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asmac.ab.ca%2F
desc:	ThesitehaspicturesandstoriesofCanada'saircraft,aviators,andaviationindustriesfromtheFirstWorldWaronuptotheSpaceShuttle.LocatedinCalgary,Alberta,neartheinternationalairport.

title:	Canada's Aviation Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcahf.ca%2F
desc:	OfficialsiterecognizingthecontributionsofCanada'saviators,buildersandadministrators.MuseumandcollectionsareapartoftheReynolds-AlbertaMuseuminWetaskiwin,betweenEdmontonandRedDeer,Alberta,Canada.

title:	Canadian Bushplane Heritage Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bushplane.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinSaultSte.Marie,OntarioanddedicatedtopreservingthehistoryofBushFlyingandForestProtectioninCanada.

title:	Canadian Museum of Flight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canadianflight.org%2F
desc:	Aninterestingandwelldesignedsitewithgoodaircraftinformation.LocatedatLangleyAirport,BritishColumbia.

title:	Collingwood Classic Aircraft Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.classicaircraft.ca%2F
desc:	Museumandrestorationworkshop.CollectionincludesdeHavillandTigerMoth,AeroncaChamp,FleetCanuck,SmithMiniplane,Stinson105,Linktrainer,andaphotoarchiveofregionalandnationalaviationhistory.LocatedattheCollingwoodMunicipalAirport,Collingwood,Ontario.

title:	Shearwater Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shearwateraviationmuseum.ns.ca%2F
desc:	Includesexhibitinformationandphotos,historyofthemuseumandbase,onlineshop,andinformationabouttheaircraft,ships,andsquadronsthatservedinthearea.LocatedinShearwater,NovaScotia.

title:	Western Canada Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wcam.mb.ca%2F
desc:	ThesiterepresentsCanada'ssecondlargestAviationMuseumandhasdescriptionsofitsfacilities,aswellasrepresentativephotosofitsaircraft.LocatedinWinnipeg,Manitoba.

title:	Children's Museum of Phoenix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumofphoenix.org%2F
desc:	Missionandhistory,FAQ,calendar,andresources.LocatedinArizona.

title:	i.d.e.a. Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ideamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Mesa,Arizona.Artmuseumdesignedtoprovideaccessibleandinteractiveexhibitsforchildrenandfamilies.

title:	International Wildlife Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thewildlifemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Tucson,Arizona.Over400kindsofmammals,birds,insects,andprehistoricanimalsfromallovertheworldmostdisplayedintheirnaturalhabitats.

title:	Tucson Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumtucson.org%2F
desc:	Provides12roomswithmorethan125hands-onactivities.Includesdescriptionofthemeareas,hours,admissionratesanddirections.[EnglishandSpanish].

title:	Museum of Northern Arizona 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FF%2FFlagstaff%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.musnaz.org%2F
desc:	Featurestheanthropology,biology,geology,andfineartsoftheColoradoPlateauregion.Includesdetailsofdisplays,programs,memberships,acalendarofevents,hours,andadmissions.

title:	The Phippen Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phippenartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	FeaturescontemporaryandhistoricalartoftheAmericanWest.Includeshours,admissionrates,currentexhibits,events,membershipdetailsandeducationalprograms.LocatedinPrescott.

title:	Phoenix Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phxart.org%2F
desc:	WorksofartwithanemphasisonAmerican,Asian,European,LatinAmerican,modernandcontemporary,WesternAmericanart,andfashiondesign.

title:	The 390th Memorial Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.390th.org%2F
desc:	ContainstherestoredB-17G"I'llBeAround",aswellasotherWorldWarIIexhibits.Includesphotosanddirections.LocatedonthegroundsofthePimaAirandSpaceMuseum.

title:	Arizona State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.statemuseum.arizona.edu%2F
desc:	AnthropologymuseumfocusingontheindigenousculturesofArizonaandnorthernMexico.Includeshistory,staffandprogramdirectories,descriptionsofexhibitsandevents,educationalprogramsoffered,andoperationalinformationincludingadmissionfees.

title:	Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.desertmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Aworld-renownedzoo,naturalhistorymuseumandbotanicalgarden.ResearchandeducationprogramsandexhibitsontheSonorandesertregion.

title:	International Wildlife Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thewildlifemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offeringeducationalprogramsforschoolsandthegeneralpublic.Includesaninteractivevirtualtour.

title:	Pima Air and Space Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pimaair.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionofmorethan300aircraftandspacecraft.Includeshistory,eventsandvisitorinformation.

title:	The Postal History Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.postalhistoryfoundation.org%2F
desc:	Nonprofitorganizationforpostalresearchandeducation,youtheducationprogram,andphilatelicmuseumincludingaturnofthecenturypostoffice.

title:	Southern Arizona Transportation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftucsonhistoricdepot.org%2F
desc:	Preservesandinterpretsrailroadheritagethrougheducationaloutreach,oralhistoryandarchivalcollections.LocatedintheformerSouthernPacificRailroadDepot.

title:	Tucson Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumtucson.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitions,tours,andspecialeventsaredetailed,withmembership,admission,andparkinginformation.

title:	Tucson Museum of Art and Historic Block 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tucsonmuseumofart.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitionsschedule,programsandevents,library,photosanddetailsofhistoricbuildings,hours,admissionandmembershipinformation.

title:	University of Arizona Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FT%2FTucson%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartmuseum.arizona.edu%2F
desc:	Exhibitsrangefrom15thcenturypanels,tomodern"flowerpower".Collectionsandexhibitionsaredetailed,anditincludesinformationoneducationalopportunitiesandmembership.

title:	Children's Museum of Phoenix 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPhoenix%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumofphoenix.org%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,programsandclasses,calendarofeventsandphotogallery.

title:	George Washington Carver Museum and Cultural Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPhoenix%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gwcmccaz.org%2F
desc:	ArchiveoftheexperiencesoftheearlyAfrican-Americancommunity.Includeshistory,missionstatement,membershipandvolunteerinformation,capitalimprovements,andrenovationupdates.

title:	Hall of Flame Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPhoenix%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hallofflame.org%2F
desc:	Displaysvintagefireapparatusandmemorabiliafrom1700-present,andsponsoroftheNationalFirefightingHallofHeroesatPhoenix.

title:	Heard Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPhoenix%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heard.org%2F
desc:	Onlinegallery,scheduleofevents,andeducationalinformation.

title:	Heritage Square 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPhoenix%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fheritagesquarephx.org%2F
desc:	Homesfromthelate1800sincludingtheRossonHouseQueenAnneVictorianwithguidedtours,Handcraftedforlearningaboutpre-machineartsandcrafts,andotherhomesthathavebeenconvertedintoshopsandrestaurants.

title:	Musical Instrument Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPhoenix%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmim.org%2F
desc:	Displaysmorethan6500musicalinstrumentsfromaroundtheworld.Alsoprovidesconcertsandeducationprograms.

title:	Phoenix Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPhoenix%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phxart.org%2F
desc:	Featuresgeneralnewsandinformation,onlinegalleries,andmembershipinformation.

title:	Catalina Island Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.catalinamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Thehistoryoftheislandthroughexhibits.

title:	Los Angeles Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lamaritimemuseum.org%2F
desc:	GalleriesofexhibitsexploringthemaritimehistoryofSouthernCalifornia.

title:	Point Lobos State Reserve 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pointlobos.org%2Fplanning-your-visit%2Fgetting-around%2Fwhalers-cabin
desc:	FeaturestheWhalersCabinMuseumandtheWhalingStationMuseum.

title:	San Diego Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdmaritime.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,exhibits,education,publications,eventscalendar,andspecialeventsfacilities.

title:	San Francisco Maritime 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fsafr%2F
desc:	IncludesthehistoricfleetatHydeStreetPier,witheventcalendarandeducationalprograms.

title:	San Francisco Maritime National Park Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritime.org%2F
desc:	Exhibits,shippreservation,educationalprogramsandpublications.

title:	Santa Barbara Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbmm.org%2F
desc:	PreservesandpresentsthemaritimehistoryoftheSantaBarbaraChannel.

title:	Spaulding Wooden Boat Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spauldingcenter.org%2F
desc:	AworkingboatyardandlivinghistorymuseumonSanFranciscoBayinSausalito.Presentsnews,events,programs,andgallery

title:	Tahoe Maritime Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tahoemaritimemuseum.org%2F
desc:	MuseumdedicatedtopreservingLakeTahoe'smaritimehistorythroughinnovativeinterpretationandpubliceducation.

title:	Agua Caliente Cultural Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profittribalmuseumrepresentingthehistoryandcultureoftheAguaCalienteBandofCahuillaIndiansandotherCahuillapeoples.LocatedinPalmSprings,California.

title:	Antelope Valley Indian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avim.parks.ca.gov%2F
desc:	AstateparkfacilitywhichpreservesartifactsfromSouthwestern,CaliforniaandGreatBasinculturesislocatedinLancaster,California.

title:	Barona Cultural Center and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baronamuseum.org%2F
desc:	PreservesthenativeculturesinSanDiegoCountywithacollectiondatingbackthousandsofyears.Hasexhibits,workshopsandspeakersandislocatedinLakeside,California.

title:	California Indian Museum and Cultural Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cimcc.org%2F
desc:	TellsthestoryofCaliforniaIndiansandseekstoeducatethepublic.LocatedinSantaRosa,California.

title:	Chumash Indian Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chumashindianmuseum.com%2F
desc:	AmuseuminThousandOaks,CaliforniadedicatedtotheChumashPeoplenativetosouthernCalifornia,itoffersnaturehikes,exhibits,eventsandeducationalprograms.

title:	Grace Hudson Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gracehudsonmuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinUkiahCaliforniaitofferseventsandexhibitsonCaliforniatribesandfeaturesacollectionofPomobasketry.

title:	Malki Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FEthnic%2FNative_American%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.malkimuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedontheMorongoIndianreservationinBanning,California,withinformationaboutitsannualfiesta,bookpress,andplannedexhibitsandresearchcenter.

title:	California Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cafiremuseum.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformationandevents.LocatedinCoronaDelMar.

title:	County of Los Angeles Fire Museum Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clafma.org%2F
desc:	Calendar,collection,projects,history,andevents.

title:	Fire Memories Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firememories.org%2F
desc:	Historyandgalleries.LocatedinIndio,California.

title:	The Long Beach Fire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbfdmuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedatOldStation10,featureshistory,museumhours,andSamtheFirehouseCat.LocatedinLongBeach,California.

title:	San Francisco Fire Department Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural%2FOccupational%2FFirefighting%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fguardiansofthecity.org%2Fsffd%2F
desc:	Anorganizationforthepreservationandrestorationoffireapparatusandfireartifactsrelatingtothehistoryofthecity.

title:	The Berkshire Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPittsfield%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berkshiremuseum.org%2F
desc:	Community-basedmuseumemphasizingart,naturalsciencesandhistory.Permanentdisplaysandexhibits,plusspecialexhibitsthroughouttheyear.PlusLittleCinemaandotheractivities.

title:	Hancock Shaker Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPittsfield%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hancockshakervillage.org%2F
desc:	Historicsiteandlivinghistorymuseum.

title:	Blackhawk Automotive Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blackhawkmuseum.org%2F
desc:	The90-carAutoExhibitionrepresentsfourautomotivecategories,illustratingthemechanical,technologicalanddesigndevelopmentsoftheautomobilethroughtime.

title:	California Automobile Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcalautomuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featureseducationalactivities,history,library,events,gallery,andvisitorinformation.LocatedinSacramento,California.

title:	Marconi Automotive Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marconimuseum.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationfeaturingprivatecollectionofhistorical,classicandexoticcars.Includesphotos,hoursbyappointmentanddirections.LocatedinTustin,California.

title:	Murphy Auto Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.murphyautomuseum.com%2F
desc:	Antique,classicandnewervehiclesondisplay,includingalargecollectionofPackardsandantiquemotorcycles.LocatedinOxnard,California.

title:	The Nethercutt Collection 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nethercuttcollection.org%2F
desc:	Featuringover200restoredAmericanandEuropeanautomobilesdatingfrom1898to1982.Sylmar,California.

title:	Petersen Automotive Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petersen.org%2F
desc:	LosAngelesmuseumexhibitingrareandclassicautomobiles.Includesadiscoverycenter,kid'scorner,andcalendarofevents.

title:	San Diego Automotive Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsdautomuseum.org%2F
desc:	Historyoftheincredibleautomobilewithover80vehicles.Informationaboutexhibitsandevents.LocatedinBalboaPark,SanDiego.

title:	The Wally Parks NHRA Motorsports Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseum.nhra.com%2F
desc:	Exhibitsthehistoryofdragracing.Offersonlinetour,featuredcars,andvisitorinformation.

title:	Bay Area Discovery Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbayareadiscoverymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featureshands-onart,science,environmentalandmediaexhibitions,performances,specialeventsandongoingeducationalcurricula.Includesdetailsofexhibits,hours,admissionrates,memberships,volunteeropportunities,directions.

title:	Children's Discovery Museum of San Jose 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdm.org%2F
desc:	Planavisit,findresourcesforparents,teachers,andyouth,andexploreinteractiveactivitiesforchildren.LocatedinSanJose,California.

title:	Children's Discovery Museum of the Desert 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdmod.org%2F
desc:	RanchoMirage.Eventscalendar,informationaboutexhibitsandprograms,membership,facilityrental,volunteeropportunities,andeducatorinformation.

title:	The Children's Museum at La Habra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Flhcm.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitschedule,visitorinformation,calendarofevents,andbirthdaypackageinformation.

title:	Children's Museum of Stockton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmuseumstockton.org%2F
desc:	Scheduleofevents,campinformation,andmembershipdetails.

title:	Children's Museum of the Sierra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchildrensmuseumofthesierra.com%2F
desc:	Oakhurst.Exhibitandmembershipinformationandcalendarofevents.

title:	The Discovery Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thediscoverycenter.net%2F
desc:	Fresno.On-siteexhibits,activitiesandeventsforchildren,families,andschoolstolearnaboutnature,science,andregionalhistory.

title:	Fingerprints Youth Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffingerprintsmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Hemet,California.Anenvironmentofinteractivelearningusingpermanentandchangingexhibitstostimulateintellectualcuriosityandexplorationintheareasofmath,science,technology,andthearts.Offersprofile,history,programinformation,andhoursofoperation.

title:	Habitot Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.habitot.org%2F
desc:	Berkeley.Calendarofevents,exhibitinformation,membershipdetails.

title:	ImagineU Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imagineumuseum.org%2F
desc:	Visalia.Listofexhibits,scheduleofevents,andvolunteerandgivingopportunities.

title:	Kidspace Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidspacemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Pasadena,California.Providesexhibitsandprogramsinthearts,sciences,andhumanitiesthatpromoteimagination,exploration,anddiscovery.Featuresacalendar,exhibitinformation,programs,andmembership.

title:	Kidzone Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidzonemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Truckee,California.Anon-profitmuseumencouragingfamilyparticipationinhelpingchildrenlearnthroughexhibitsandevents.Featuresprofile,exhibits,programs,admissioninformation,andcontactdetails.

title:	Monterey Youth Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Monterey,California.Hands-onexhibitsforkidsandfamilies.Featuresgeneralandmembershipinformationaswellasfieldtrips,exhibits,directions,andcontactdetails.

title:	San Diego Children's Discovery Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsdcdm.org%2F
desc:	Offersvisitor'sguide,hoursanddirections,FAQ,calendarofevents,andvolunteerandmembershipinformation.LocatedinEscondido.

title:	Santa Maria Valley Discovery Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smvdiscoverymuseum.org%2F
desc:	SantaMaria,California.Anonprofitorganizationservingschools,families,andyouthgroups.Featuresdescriptionofexhibits,photographs,profile,membershipinformation,hoursofoperation,specialevents,andcontactdetails.

title:	Zimmer Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zimmermuseum.org%2F
desc:	Interactiveexhibitsandspecialprogramsforchildrenandfamilies.Containslistsofexhibits,programsandworkshops.

title:	The African American Firefighter Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aaffmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtocollecting,conservingandsharingtheheritageofAfricanAmericanfirefighters.Informationoneducationprograms,organizations,museumhistory,andlinkstoresources.LocatedinLosAngeles.

title:	Alameda Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alamedamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Localhistoryoftheisland.

title:	Antique Gas and Steam Engine Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agsem.com%2F
desc:	Depictslifeintheearly1900'sthroughexhibits,ongoingrestorationprojects,andlivedemonstrations.Events,shows,services,andprojects.

title:	California Route 66 Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.califrt66museum.org%2F
desc:	DisplaysacollectionofhistoricphotographsandartifactsrelatedtothehistoryofthehighwayanditscommunitiesinVictorville.

title:	Capitola Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cityofcapitola.org%2Fcapitola-museum
desc:	Acollectionofphotographsandartifactsrelatedtothecity'shistory,andofferschangingexhibitsonthehistoryandartofthearea.

title:	Catalina Island Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.catalinamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Thehistoryoftheislandthroughexhibits.

title:	The Clarke Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarkemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Displaysincludefurniture,glassware,clothing,andotheritemsfromtheVictorianperiod.

title:	Folsom History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.folsomhistoricalsociety.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionofartifactsandtreasuresthatchroniclethesettlementanddevelopmentofthearea.

title:	Hattie Weber Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdcn.davis.ca.us%2F%7Ehattieweber%2F
desc:	Exhibitsdepictinglocalhistoryofthecityandarea.

title:	Healdsburg Museum and Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healdsburgmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Thehistoryofthecityandareathroughexhibits.

title:	Hemet Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhemetmuseum.com%2F
desc:	LocalhistoryinafreighthouseofHemet'sHistoricSantaFeDepotthatincludes,FAQ,photogallery,relatedbooksandupcomingevents.

title:	Hi-Desert Nature Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hidesertnaturemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Presentingtheculturalheritageandnaturalhistoryofthearea.Collections,currentexhibits,photos,andmembershipinformation.

title:	Kern Pioneer Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kernpioneer.org%2F
desc:	Features56historicexhibits,manyinrelocatedstructures,includingtemporaryexhibitionsandspecialevents.

title:	The Kern Valley Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kernvalley.com%2Fnews%2Fmuseum.htm
desc:	Artifactsandmemorabiliadepictingthehistoryofthearea.

title:	Museum of Local History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumoflocalhistory.org%2F
desc:	TellsthestoryofpioneerswhosettledinWashingtonTownshipfromthe1840'stoWorldWarII.Includesdetailsofexhibits,hoursofoperation,membershipdetailsanddirections.LocatedinFremont.

title:	Pasadena Museum of History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pasadenahistory.org%2F
desc:	Devotedtolocalhistoryandculture,andincludesexhibitions,events,educationalprograms,andvisitorinformation.

title:	Paso Robles Pioneer Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pasoroblespioneermuseum.org%2F
desc:	Displaysfilledwithplacardsandsignsexplainingthehistoricpiecesandtheirplaceinhistory.

title:	Riverside Metropolitan Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.riversideca.gov%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Featuresanthropology,history,naturalhistory,andeducationaldisplays.Includesdetailsofcollection,calendarofevents,staffdirectoryandcontactinformation.

title:	San Diego History Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandiegohistory.org%2F
desc:	OffersexhibitionsfromtheSociety'scollectionsaswellasfromnationalandinternationaltravelingshows,andincludespubliclectures,workshops,andeducationalprograms.

title:	The San Dieguito Heritage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdheritage.org%2F
desc:	Collectionofartifactsandphotosthatdocumentthehistoryoftheregionfromtheoriginaltribes,totheRancheroperioduntilCaliforniabecamepartoftheUnitedStatesin1850,andthroughtheperiodwhensettlersandhomesteadersarrivedintheregionfromtheMidwest.

title:	San Francisco Museum and Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfhistory.org%2F
desc:	Thehistoryofthecityanditsareathroughexhibitions,programs,andspecialevents.

title:	Saratoga Historical Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saratogahistory.com%2F
desc:	Museumhours,educationalprograms,localhistory,photos,onlineforum,newsletters,localevents,volunteeropportunities,andmembershipinformation.

title:	Vacaville Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vacavillemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offersexhibitsonlocalhistoryofthecityandarea.

title:	Whittier Historical Society and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whittiermuseum.org%2F
desc:	Historyofthecityandareathroughexhibits.

title:	Armand Hammer Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhammer.ucla.edu%2F
desc:	PermanentcollectionsincludetheArmandHammerCollectionofArtwhichisprimarilycomposedofImpressionistandPost-Impressionistworks.LocatedinLosAngeles,California.

title:	Asian Art Museum of San Francisco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asianart.org%2F
desc:	OneofthelargestmuseumsintheWesternworlddevotedtotheartsandculturesofAsia.Thepermanentcollectionsrepresentover40Asiancountriesspanning6,000yearsofhistory.LocatedinCalifornia.

title:	Bakersfield Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmoa.org%2F
desc:	Museumwebsitefeaturingmembership,exhibits,specialevents,andeducationalprograms.LocatedinBakersfield,California.

title:	Crocker Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crockerartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Foundedin1885,theCrockeristheoldestpublicartmuseumwestoftheMississippiRiver.Includesdetailsofthecollections,events,programs,memberships,volunteering,hours,anddirectionstothelocationinSacramento,California.

title:	FAMSF-Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.famsf.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesthedeYoungMuseumandtheLegionofHonorMuseum.Includesdetailsofthecollections,memberships,events,hours,admissions,anddirections.

title:	The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huntington.org%2F
desc:	Featuresthreeartgallerieswithpaintings,sculptures,rarebooks,manuscripts,anddecorativearts.Botanicalcollectionfeaturesover14,000differentspeciesofplants.Includeshours,admission,membership,volunteering,directionsandamap.LocatedinSanMarino,California.

title:	J. Paul Getty Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.getty.edu%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Collectionscomprisesevenareasofart:GreekandRomanantiquities,Medievalmanuscripts,Europeanpaintings,sculpture,drawingsanddecorativearts,andphotographs.LocatedinLosAngeles,California.

title:	Los Angeles County Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lacma.org%2F
desc:	Holdsmorethan150,000worksspanningthehistoryofartfromancienttimestothepresent.Exhibitionhighlights,onlineartcollection,educationprograminformation,andanonlinestore.

title:	The Mexican Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mexicanmuseum.org%2F
desc:	AuniqueartandculturalinstitutionlocatedSanFranciscoBay.FirstmuseumintheUnitedStatestofocusontheworkofMexicanandMexican-Americanartists.

title:	Oakland Museum of California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumca.org%2F
desc:	Specializesinthenaturalscience,historyandartoftheGoldenState.Presentscurrentexhibitions,permanentgalleriesandprojects,andprovidesinformationaboutthemuseum,itshistoryandmembership.

title:	Pacific Asia Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificasiamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitions,publicprograms,andcollectionsfeaturingtheartsandcultureofAsiaandthePacificIslands.LocatedinPasedena,California.

title:	Pasadena Museum of California Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pmcaonline.org%2F
desc:	MuseumdedicatedtoCaliforniaartandartistsfrom1850tothepresent.Exhibitsincludepainting,graphicdesign,architecture,andphotography.

title:	San Diego Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdmart.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesAmericanandinternationalart.Includesthelatesteventsandprogramsatthemuseum.

title:	Santa Barbara Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbma.net%2F
desc:	Showcasesacollectionofancientthroughcontemporaryworksandphotography,representedbyAsian,European,andAmericanartists.Includesdetailsoftheexhibits,afloorplan,events,programs,admissionfees,hours,anddirections.LocatedinSantaBarbara,California.

title:	Ventura County Museum of History & Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FArt_Museums%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fventuramuseum.org%2F
desc:	Provideslistingsofcurrentandfutureexhibitsandprograms,researchresources,memberships,permanentcollections,hours,admissionfees,amuseumstore,anddirectionstoitslocationinCalifornia.

title:	Aviation Museum of Santa Paula 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviationmuseumofsantapaula.org%2F
desc:	AnewmuseumsiteoutliningthehistoryanddevelopmentofthehistoricSantaPaulaAirport.LocatedinSantaPaula,California.

title:	Castle Air Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.castleairmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Anexcellentsitepresentingoneofthebestcollectionsofmilitaryaircraftonthewestcoastwithinformationonallofthem(includingtheB-36).Greatteacher'sguide.LocatedinAtwater,California.

title:	Hiller Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiller.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformationwithcommunityeventsschedule,weatherreports,pastnewsletters,specialannouncements,andexhibitoverviews.SanCarlos,California.

title:	Museum of Flying 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAviation%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofflying.org%2F
desc:	HomeoftheoriginalDonaldDouglasMuseumnowhousesflyingWorldWar2fighteraircraft.LocatedinSantaMonica,California.

title:	Svedinos Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FReferenser%2FMuseer%2FTransport%2FFlyg&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svedinos.se%2F
desc:	BilochFlygmuseumiHalland.

title:	Pacific Southwest Railway Museum Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FCounties%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.psrm.org%2F
desc:	SanDiegoRailroadMuseum.Handsondisplayofhistoricrailroadartifacts.ExcursionsandrailtourstoCaliforniaandMexicoareavailable.

title:	San Diego Museum Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FCounties%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandiegomuseumcouncil.org%2F
desc:	PromotesmuseumresourceswithinthecityandcountyofSanDiego.Includeslinkstomemberwebsites.

title:	SoCal Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FCounties%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socalmuseums.org%2F
desc:	Guidefeaturesacalendarofcurrentexhibitionsandaninteractivemuseummap.Includesprofilesforlocalmuseums,news,andlinkstorelatedresources.

title:	The Getty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FCounties%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.getty.edu%2F
desc:	MuseumfeaturingtheJ.PaulGettycollection.Includesvirtualmuseum,videogallery,lessonplansforteachers,news,stories,andmuseumresearchinformation.LocationsinBrentwoodandMalibu.

title:	Museum of Contemporary Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FCounties%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moca.org%2F
desc:	Onemuseumwiththreelocations,CaliforniaPlaza,GeffenContemporary,andPacificDesignCenter.Includesdigitalgalleries,onlinearchiveofcollections,educationprograminformation,exhibitlist,andanonlinestore.

title:	ACAMFE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museosdeescritores.com%2F
desc:	EspainiarKulturMinisterioarenmenpe.Estatutuak,bazkideenzerrenda,ekintzak,iradokizunaketairitziak.

title:	Artziniega Museoa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artziniegamuseoa.org%2F
desc:	MuseoEtnografikohonekeskaintzendueskualdekobiztanleenbizimoduanolakoazen,arte-ondareaetahistoria.[Flashbeharda]

title:	Bilboko itsasadarraren itsas museoa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museomaritimobilbao.org%2F
desc:	Nolairitsi,erakusketak,bildumaetadokumentuzentrua.

title:	Chillida-Leku 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museochillidaleku.com%2F
desc:	EduardoChillidaeskultoredonostiarrarenmuseoa,Zabalegibaserrian.

title:	Euskal Buztingintza Museoa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.euskalzeramika.com%2F
desc:	Elosunkokatuta,Araba.Informazioa,tailerra,dendaetajaruderak.

title:	Euskal Herriko Meatzaritzaren Museoa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museominero.net%2F
desc:	Meatzaritzarenhistoriabiltzenduenelkartekulturala.

title:	Euskal Museoa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.euskal-museoa.org%2F
desc:	Euskaletnografia,arkeologiaetakondairamuseoa.Bilbonkokatua.

title:	Euskal Poliziaren Museora 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museopoliciavasca.eus%2F
desc:	Historia,bilduma,jardueraketazerbitzuak.Ertzaintzarenakademian,Arkauten,dago.

title:	Guggenheim Bilbao Museoa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bm30.es%2Fhomegug_eu.html
desc:	BilbaoMetropoli-30erakundeareninformazioa.

title:	Hontza Natur Zientzien Museoa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hontzamuseoa.com%2F
desc:	Kokapena,historia,informazioaetaloturak.

title:	Museo Guggenheim Bilbao 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.guggenheim-bilbao.eus%2F
desc:	FondohauekguztiekXX.mendekoartebisualen.Ordutegiekitaldiak,tailerrak,tourbirtualaetasalmenta.

title:	Museum Cemento Rezola 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FErreferentzia%2FMuseoak&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumcementorezola.org%2F
desc:	Gauregunzementuakduengarrantziaezagutzekoespaziobat.Donostiankokatua.

title:	Museum Mpu Tantular 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FReferensi%2FMuseum&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmputantular.tripod.com%2F
desc:	MuseumNasionaldikotaSurabaya,JawaTimur.Terdapatdaftarkoleksidangalerifoto,sejarahpendirian,dandenahlokasi.

title:	Museum Rekor-Dunia Indonesia - MURI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FReferensi%2FMuseum&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muri.org%2F
desc:	MenampilkancatatanrekorduniadanIndonesia.Berisidaftarrekorterbaru,profilmuseum,tanya-jawab,pengajuanrekor,danarsipberita.

title:	Haggin Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FStockton%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hagginmuseum.org%2F
desc:	MuseumcollectionincludesmajorU.S.andEuropeanartists,aswellaslocalhistory.Sitegiveshours,membershipinformation,events,andhighlightsofcollections.

title:	Children's Discovery Museum of San Jose 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Jose%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdm.org%2F
desc:	LearnabouttheMuseum,planavisit,orplayonlinewithinteractivestoriesandactivitiesforchildren.

title:	The Hayes Mansion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Jose%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fnr%2Ftravel%2Fsantaclara%2Fhay.htm
desc:	Anelegant,41,000squarefoot,60-roomMediterranean-stylestructurebuiltin1905,andonceintendedtobetheresidenceofwealthyfaithhealerMaryHayesChynoweth.

title:	Adventure Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adventuresci.org%2F
desc:	CurrentprogramlistingsforthesciencemuseumandtheSudekumPlanetarium,alongwithinformationonhoursandadmissionfees.Nashville,Tennessee.

title:	Agropolis-Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.agropolis.fr%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	ScienceCenterdealingwithtopicssuchasfood,nutrition,agriculture,withahistoricalapproachonaworldwidescale.Montpellier,France.

title:	American Museum of Science and Energy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amse.org%2F
desc:	ThelargestexhibitionofenergyrelatedexhibitsintheUnitedStates.Includeslivedemonstrations,videos,hands-onexhibitsandspecialevents.LocatedinOakRidge,Tennessee.

title:	Arizona Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.azscience.org%2F
desc:	Planetarium,hands-onlearningexhibitsandIMAXtheatre.Phoenix,Arizona.

title:	Bath Royal Literary and Scientific Institution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brlsi.org%2F
desc:	Featuresexhibitsdevotedtogeology,naturalhistory,socialhistory,andantiquities/archaeology.Includesavirtualmuseum,membershipdetails,andahistoryoftheorganization.LocatedintheUK.

title:	The Bradbury Science Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lanl.gov%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	ThehistoryofLosAlamosandtheManhattanProject,aswellasover40interactiveexhibitswithinfivegalleriesattheLosAlamosNationalLaboratoryinNewMexico.

title:	Buffalo Museum of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencebuff.org%2F
desc:	Naturalsciencemuseumwithpermanent,travelingandhands-onexhibitsfromanthropology,botany,geology,entomology,andzoology.Sitehasdirections,hours,contactinformationandacalendarofevents.

title:	California Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.californiasciencecenter.org%2F
desc:	Museumandexhibitsprofile,IMAXschedule,andcalendarofupcomingeventsfortheinteractivelearningfacility.LocatedinLosAngeles.

title:	Canada Science and Technology Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcstmuseum.techno-science.ca%2F
desc:	Featureseducationalactivities,onlineexhibits,andmuseumevents.LocatedinOntario,Ottawa.

title:	The Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thechildrensmuseumct.org%2F
desc:	Informationonexhibits,programsandspecialevents.LocatedinHartford,Connecticut.

title:	Discovery Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.discoveryplace.org%2F
desc:	Charolette,NorthCarolina.Hands-onsciencemuseum.Informationonexhibits,hours,admission,andavirtualtour.

title:	Eli Whitney Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eliwhitney.org%2F
desc:	Includeshistoricalresourceabouttheinventorofthecottonginandthetechniqueofmassproducingmilitaryfirearms.NewHaven,Connecticut.

title:	Experimentarium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.experimentarium.dk%2F
desc:	Sciencecentreincludes300exhibitsconcentratingonnatureandtechnology,theenvironment,andhealth.LocatedinDenmark.

title:	The Exploratorium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exploratorium.edu%2F
desc:	Hands-onmuseumofscience,art,andhumanperception.Siteprovidesinteractiveonlineexhibitsandexhibitions,activities,sciencenews,andpublications,generalinformationaboutthemuseum.LocatedinSanFrancisco,California.

title:	Fernbank Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffsc.fernbank.edu%2F
desc:	Atlanta,Georgia.Visitorinformation,planetariumschedule,specialprograms,resourcesforteachersandstudents.

title:	Fort Worth Museum of Science and History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffortworthmuseum.org%2F
desc:	IncludesanOmniTheater,fourcoreexhibitgalleries,aspecialexhibithall,outdoorexcavations,theNoblePlanetarium,andspecialprogramsforchildren.

title:	The Franklin Institute Science Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fi.edu%2F
desc:	Takeavirtualtourorfindoutaboutevents,exhibits,andmembership.LocatedinPhiladelphia,Pennsylvania.

title:	Goudreau Museum of Mathematics in Art and Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mathmuseum.org%2F
desc:	NewYorkmuseumfeaturingexhibitsofmathapplicationsinartandscience,specialprograms,andamuseumlibrary.

title:	Great Lakes Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatscience.com%2F
desc:	Offersmorethan340interactivescienceexhibitsandasixstorytallOmnimaxtheater.Includesavisitor'sguide,acalendarofeventsandaschedule.LocatedinCleveland,Ohio,UnitedStates.

title:	Greensboro Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greensboroscience.org%2F
desc:	Featureshands-onexhibits,zoo,andplanetarium.Includeshours,upcomingevents,admission,membershipdetailsanddirections.LocatedinGreensboro,NorthCarolina.

title:	Imagination Station 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscienceandhistory.org%2F
desc:	Featureshandsonscienceexhibitsforthefamily.LocatedinWilson.

title:	Impression 5 Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.impression5.org%2F
desc:	GeneralinformationontheLansing,Michiganhands-onscienceandtechnologycenter.

title:	Lawrence Hall of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lawrencehallofscience.org%2F
desc:	PublicsciencemuseumandresearchcenterforK-12educationattheUniversityofCalifornia,Berkeley.LHSoffershands-onscienceexhibits,discoverylaboratories,computerlabs,planetariumshows,after-schoolclassesandsummercamps,familyworkshops,specialevents,schoolprogramsandteachereducation.

title:	Liberty Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Flsc.org%2F
desc:	NewJerseylearningcenterincludes12museumexhibitionhalls,aliveanimalcollectionwith110species,giantaquariums,a3Dtheater,thenation'slargestIMAXDomeTheater,livesimulcastsurgeries,tornadoandhurricane-forcewindsimulators,K-12classroomsandlabs,andteacher-developmentprograms.Alsooffersoffsiteandonlineprograms.

title:	Liebig-Museum Giessen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liebig-museum.de%2F
desc:	Overalldescription,history,openinghoursandentrancefeesofthemuseumdedicatedtothechemistJustusLiebig.

title:	Long Island Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lisciencecenter.org%2F
desc:	Provideahands-onlearningexperiencetopeopleofallagesthroughdiscovery,exhibits,andactivitiescenteredaroundmathematics,science,andtechnology.Includesfloorplan.LocatedinRiverhead,NewYork.

title:	Europeana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FVirtual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europeana.eu%2F
desc:	Multi-lingualonlinecollectionofmillionsofdigitizeditemsfromEuropeanmuseums,libraries,archivesandmulti-mediacollections,withproceduresforcontentproviders.

title:	Jewish Museum of the American West 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FVirtual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jmaw.org%2F
desc:	TellsthestoryofhowandwhyJewsweresuccessfulincreatingthebasicfoundationsoftheAmericanWildWest.

title:	The Museum on Communism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FVirtual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumoncommunism.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtodocumentingthegrimlegacyofglobalcommunism.Featuresvariousexhibits,victimsregistry,museum'smission,guideandFAQ.

title:	Treasures from The National Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FVirtual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalarchives.gov.uk%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	ImagesandarticlesofitemsfromathousandyearsofBritishhistory,fromtheMagnaCartatoHitler'sfakepassport,sortedbythemeorbydateperiod.

title:	The Virtual Museum of Japanese Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FVirtual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb-japan.org%2Fmuseum%2Fmenu.html
desc:	IncludesexamplesanddescriptionsofseveralformsofJapanesetraditionalarts,crafts,andtraditions.

title:	Virtual Museum of Surveying 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FVirtual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surveyhistory.org%2F
desc:	Collectionofsurveyartifacts,earlyinstruments,andhistoricalliterature.

title:	Virtual Museum of United Arab Emirates History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FVirtual&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uaeinteract.com%2Fhistory%2Fe_muse%2Fem_strt.asp
desc:	Displayingartifactssuchasweapons,jewelry,ceramics,stoneware,toys,fossils,coins,ancientvessels,relics,andtools,withexplanatoryarticles.FromUAEInteract.

title:	The American Sportscasters Association Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americansportscasters.com%2Fhalloffame.html
desc:	Honorsandpreservesthelegendaryvoicesthathaveaccompaniedsportshistory'sgreatestmoments.

title:	Basketball Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoophall.com%2F
desc:	Entertainingandeducationalexhibitscelebratingthegameofbasketball.LocatedinSpringfield,Massachusetts.

title:	Bay Area Sports Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bashof.org%2F
desc:	HonorsBayAreasportslegendstobenefityouthsportsprograms.LocatedinSanFrancisco,California.

title:	College Football Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cfbhall.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinAtlanta,Georgia.Paystributetothoseplayersandcoachesthathelpedshapecollegefootball.

title:	Colorado Ski Museum and  Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skimuseum.net%2F
desc:	PreservesColorado'sskiinghistory.LocatedinVail.

title:	Daisy Airgun Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.daisymuseum.com%2F
desc:	HomeoftheDaisyBBgunandDaisyairriflehistoriccollection.Schedule,location,andhoursprovided.LocatedinRogers,Arkansas.

title:	Greater Buffalo Sports Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buffalosportshallfame.com%2F
desc:	HonorsathletesandthoseinvolvedinwesternNewYorksports.

title:	Havre de Grace Decoy Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.decoymuseum.com%2F
desc:	CollectionsofworkingdecoysfromtheChesapeakeBay.Aresearchlibrary,completewithworksondecoys,carving,waterfowl,andtheenvironmentisavailablebyappointmentforin-depthstudying.LocatedinHavredeGrace,Maryland.

title:	Hockey Hall of Fame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hhof.com%2F
desc:	Includescollectionofhockeyphotos,statistics,profiles,globalcoverage,trivia,andgames.

title:	The Lace Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSunnyvale%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelacemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Museumdevotedtolaceandlacetools.Includespictures,calendarandnews.

title:	Sands Mechanical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSunnyvale%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandsmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Virtualmuseumofantiquecoinoperatedgames,pinballmachines,sportscars,andclocks.Offersrestorationservices.

title:	Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSunnyvale%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heritageparkmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Presentsprojecttiming,statusandhistoryofthemuseum.Educationalprogramsandcontacts.

title:	Accessible Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accessible.com%2F
desc:	Fulltextdatabasesofprimarysourcematerialof18thand19thcenturyperiodicals.

title:	American Association for State and Local History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aaslh.org%2F
desc:	Providesleadership,serviceandsupportforthepreservationandinterpretationofAmericanstateandlocalhistory.

title:	American Society of Appraisers (ASA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.appraisers.org%2F
desc:	Oneoftheleadingprofessionalappraisingorganizations.

title:	Art Museum Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artmuseumnetwork.com%2F
desc:	AprojectoftheAssociationofArtMuseumDirectors.WiththeexCALENDARexhibitionscheduledatabase.

title:	Arts Policy and Management, City University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.city.ac.uk%2Fcpm%2F
desc:	Offersalargenumberofresourcesandlinkscoveringallareasofarts,museumandheritagepolicyandmanagement.

title:	Austrian Architectural Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.architekturstiftung.at%2F
desc:	Anationalplatformofdifferentinstitutionstoincreasethepublicawarenessofarchitectureasanimportantculturalfactorthroughexhibitionsandpublications.LocatedinVienna.(GermanandEnglish)

title:	Brian Debnam: Arts and Cultural Consultancy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.briandebnam.co.uk%2F
desc:	Profile,projects,feasibilitystudies,educationandtraining,research,news,andcontactinformation.

title:	Chicago Appraisers Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chicagoappraisers.com%2F
desc:	Museumandcharitabledonationappraisals.

title:	Culture 24 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culture24.org.uk%2F
desc:	Stories,artsandmuseumnews,notices,reviews,featuresandtrails,andpromotespublicly-fundedUKmuseums,galleries,archivesandheritageattractions.LocatedinBrighton.

title:	DataTECH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fheritagearearesources.com%2F
desc:	Aportallinkingtoresearch,fundingopportunities,technical,andorganizationalresources.

title:	E. Verner Johnson and Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vernerjohnson.com%2F
desc:	Museumarchitectsandplannershelpingmuseumsplananddesignsuccessfulbuildings.

title:	Electronic Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Felectronicmuseum.org.uk%2F
desc:	Webresourcefortechnicalmanagers,developers,authorsoranyotherprofessionalswhoareusingtheweb,kioskorsimilartechnologiesinamuseumcontext.

title:	Esther Fitzgerald Rare Textiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.estherfitzgerald.com%2F
desc:	Sourcingofantiquetextilesforprivatecollectors,museums,andinstitutions.Servicesincludevaluation,conservation,research,andphotography.LocatedinLondon.

title:	European Network of Science Centers and Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecsite.eu%2F
desc:	ECSITE-Europeanorganizationrepresentingsciencecenters,museumsandinstitutesin25countries.

title:	Getty Research Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.getty.edu%2Fresearch%2F
desc:	Featuresavarietyofartsandeducationprogramsandtools.Resourcesincludeonlinelibrary,photographandprovenancedatabases,workshops,andgrantinformation.

title:	Global Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Aninternationalmuseumsitewithstories,employmentandresourcesforthemuseumprofessionalandthosewithaninterestinmuseums.

title:	John Cronin & Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johncronin.ie%2F
desc:	Archaeological,conservation,andheritageservicestogovernmentagencies,localauthorities,privatedevelopersandcommunitygroups.Staff,consultants,andcontactinformation.

title:	Lord Cultural Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lord.ca%2F
desc:	Internationalspecialistsintheplanningandmanagementofheritage,cultureandthearts.Articlesandinformationofinteresttothemuseumprofessional.

title:	Museum Computer Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcn.edu%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtofosteringtheculturalaimsofmuseumsthroughtheuseofcomputertechnologies.Includesonlinenewsletter,specialinterestgrouppages,listsofmuseumwebsites,asearchablevendormarketplace.

title:	Museum Employment Resource Center (MERC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum-employment.com%2F
desc:	Featuresinformationonresumepostings,jobannouncements,museumstudiesprograms,andconferences.

title:	Museum Jobs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumjobs.com%2F
desc:	Providesonlinerecruitmentformuseums,galleriesandotherculturalorganizations.IncludesFAQsandcontactinformation.BasedinArgyll,Scotland,UK.

title:	Museum Market 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museummarket.com%2F
desc:	Aportalformuseuminformationformuseumprofessionals.Listingsformuseums,associationsandserviceproviders.

title:	Museum Security Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum-security.org%2F
desc:	Culturalpropertyprotectionagainstmaliciousintent.

title:	Museum Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumservices.org%2F
desc:	Movingandtransport,installation,conservation,customandarchivalframing,climate-controlledstorage,exhibitdevelopment,packingandcrating,andcollectiondocumentationandmanagement.LocatedinMinneapolis,Minnesota.

title:	Museums and the Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumsandtheweb.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Aprofessionallookatinternetinitiativeslaunchedbymuseumsworldwide.

title:	Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fhistory%2Fnagpra%2F
desc:	ProvidesfulltextdocumentsrelatedtotheActunderfivecategories:LegalMandates,Guidance,Submissions,Notices,andReviewCommittee.

title:	Network of European Museum Organisations (NEMO) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ne-mo.org%2F
desc:	AnindependentnetworkprovidingrepresentationandinformationforthemuseumcommunityofEurope.

title:	Point2Explore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoint2explore.com%2F
desc:	Touchscreenexhibitgamesandprogramsdesignedforchildrenofallages,toeducatevisitors,andtoinform.Customizablefortheme,content,orvenue.

title:	Snapdragon Workshops 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.snapdragonworkshops.com%2F
desc:	Specializingineducationalworkshopswithinmuseums,galleriesandoutreachtoschoolsandcommunityartsprojects.Includesdetailsofprogramsandlinks.BasedintheUnitedKingdom.

title:	Visitor Studies Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visitorstudies.org%2F
desc:	Internationalorganizationdevotedtoenhancingandunderstandingvisitorexperiencesinmuseums,zoos,sciencecenters,historicsites,aquariums,botanicalgardens,naturecentersandinterpretivesites.

title:	Indian Art: Lost and Rarely Found 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FMuseum_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atimes.com%2Fatimes%2FSouth_Asia%2FFD16Df05.html
desc:	Accountontheextentoftheftsofantiquesfrommuseums,andthetradeinthem.

title:	Akhet Egyptology: Scottish Egyptology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akhet.co.uk%2Fscotland.htm
desc:	ListingofmuseumsandoverviewofcollectionsinScotland.

title:	Archaeological Museums and Collections 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fodysseus.culture.gr%2Fh%2F1%2Feh110.jsp
desc:	HellenicMinistryofCulturelisting.

title:	Archives and Museum Informatics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archimuse.com%2Fmw99%2Fbest%2Findex.html
desc:	Thebestmuseumsitesonthenetfroma1999UnitedKingdomjuriedcompetition.

title:	Artcom Museums Tour 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artcom.com%2FMuseums%2F
desc:	Adirectoryofover1,700Americanmuseums.

title:	British Sports Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sportsmuseums.co.uk%2F
desc:	Provideslinkstowebsitesandassociatedresourcesandgivesabriefintroductiontotheircollections.

title:	Directory of Museums Worldwide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cosmopolis.ch%2Fmuseums_worldwide.htm
desc:	Linksforaroundtheworld.

title:	Dutch Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdutch-museums.klup.info%2F
desc:	Portalwithnews,polls,articlesandlinkstomuseumsonsubjectslikeastronomy,art,archaeology,transport,water,palaeontology,history,warandresistance.

title:	European Virtual Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europeanvirtualmuseum.it%2F
desc:	VirtualmuseumbornthanksthecontributionoftheEuropeanprojectLeonardodaVinci.NineEuropeanmuseumscontributetothisrealization.

title:	Galleries and Museums in London 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukguide.org%2Flondon%2Fmuseum.html
desc:	Providesdirectoryoflinkstogalleries,museums,andplacespreservedforpublicappreciation,withpermanentdisplaysandtemporaryexhibitions.

title:	H-Local 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.h-net.org%2F%7Elocal%2F
desc:	Listforstateandlocalhistoryandmuseumstudies.Providessubscriptiondetailsandsearchpages.

title:	Historic House Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldhouses.com%2Fhistoric-house-museums.htm
desc:	Listingthatincludesdescriptionsandlinks.

title:	Historical Museums Guide for  the United States 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.censusfinder.com%2Fguide_to_historical_museums.htm
desc:	Directory,organizedbystate.

title:	Irish Museums Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irishmuseums.org%2F
desc:	Voluntary,non-profitorganizationdedicatedtopromotingtheinterestsofmuseumsandthosewhoworkinthemthroughoutIreland,bothnorthandsouth.Includesmembershipdetails,directoryofmuseums,listedbycounty,collectiontypeandcontactinformation.

title:	Museum Management Program - National Park Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fhistory%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Learnmoreaboutthedifferentmuseumsandwhattheyhavetooffer.Includesdatabaseofcollections,photogalleriesanddetailsofexhibits.

title:	Museum Market 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museummarket.com%2FMusState.htm
desc:	Searchableguidetomuseumwebsites.

title:	Museum News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumnews.net%2F
desc:	Featuresarticlesandupdatesonmuseum-relatedtopicsworld-wide.Includesarchives,sources,asearchandemailsubscription.

title:	Museum of Online Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coudal.com%2Fmoom%2F
desc:	Linkstoonlinecollectionsandexhibits.

title:	Museumland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumland.net%2F
desc:	Alink-galleryfocusingonmuseumsandculturalheritage.

title:	Museums of Macedonia: Archaeological and Byzantine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macedonian-heritage.gr%2FMuseums%2FArchaeological_and_Byzanti.html
desc:	DescriptionsofarchaeologicalmuseumslocatedinMacedonia,Greece.

title:	Museums of Russia (A-M) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.ru%2FMIRROR%2FVLMp%2FL_VLMPe.asp
desc:	Providesmultilinguallinkstoonlinecultural,historical,andscientificexhibits.[RussianandEnglish]

title:	Museums with Egyptian Collections 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fitzmuseum.cam.ac.uk%2Fer%2Fmuseum.html
desc:	WebpagesdealingwithEgyptiancollectionsaroundtheworld.

title:	MuseumStuff.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumstuff.com%2F
desc:	Searchabledatabaseofmuseumwebsitesandrelatedresources.

title:	MuseumsUSA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumsusa.org%2Fmuseums%2F
desc:	Databasebymuseumtype,state,zip,orcity.

title:	Naval and Maritime Museums in Britain and Ireland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpeople.ds.cam.ac.uk%2Fmhe1000%2Fmarmus.htm
desc:	Alphabeticallistofabout290museumsandmuseum-ships.

title:	New Hampshire Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhliving.com%2Fmuseums%2F
desc:	GuidetoinstitutionsfromNewHampshireLivingmagazine.Listingsbyregionincludevisitorinformationandlinkstowebsites.

title:	New Orleans Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neworleansonline.com%2Fneworleans%2Farts%2Fmuseums%2F
desc:	Browsecategoriesofart,history,historichomes,multicultural,nature,religious,MardiGras,andfamily/children'smuseums.

title:	Northeastern Ohio Inter-Museum Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnortheastohiomuseums.org%2F
desc:	Guidetomuseumswithmaps,briefdescriptions,contactinformation,hours,andlinkstomembers'sites.Includesaneventscalendar.

title:	RailMuseums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.railmuseums.com%2F
desc:	Directoryofrailroadmuseumsfromaroundtheworldwithsearchengine.

title:	Step Into History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stepintohistory.com%2F
desc:	DirectoryoflivinghistoryandoutdoormuseumsintheUnitedStates.

title:	Washingtonpost.com Museum Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpost.com%2Fwp-srv%2Fstyle%2Fmuseums%2Fmuseumlinks.htm
desc:	Selective1999directoryofAmericanandinternationalmuseums.

title:	WebExhibits Catalogue 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebexhibits.org%2F
desc:	Featuresexhibitsonmanysubjectsandincludesbriefsummariesandonlinereviews.

title:	Alida's Kleine Wereldje 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FRecreatie_en_Sport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alidaspoppenhuismuseum.nl%2F
desc:	PoppenhuismuseuminVeendam.

title:	Miniaturenmuseum [Breda] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FRecreatie_en_Sport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cultuurbehoudbreda.nl%2F
desc:	Poppenenpoppenhuismuseumbiedteenoverzichtvanpoppenenpoppenhuizenvan1900totnu.Tevenseenverzamelingminiaturenmeteenrelatiemetdestad.

title:	het Minidome 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FRecreatie_en_Sport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.minidome.nl%2F
desc:	AutominiatuurmuseuminAsperen(bijLeerdam).Informatieoverhetmuseumendecollectie.Metaanbiedingenuitdemuseumshop.

title:	Museum De Verzamelaar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FRecreatie_en_Sport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumdeverzamelaar.nl%2F
desc:	Collectiesvanantiekepoppenenanderspeelgoed,dematenvangewichtenuitdeNapoleontischetijd,BerlagestoeltjesenEuropa'sgrootstecollectievooroorlogsebuitenboordmotoren.[Zuidhorn]

title:	Nationaal Wielermuseum Roeselare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FRecreatie_en_Sport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wielermuseum.be%2F
desc:	Overdehistoriekvandefietsendewielersport.

title:	Poppen en Speelgoed Museum [Tilburg] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FRecreatie_en_Sport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.poppenmuseum.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverhetmuseum,decollectieendespecialetentoonstellingendieregelmatiggeorgansieerdworden.

title:	Sportimonium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FRecreatie_en_Sport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sportimonium.be%2F
desc:	GerichtopdesportinVlaandereninzijnnationaleeninternationalecontext.[Hofstade]

title:	Velorama [Nijmegen] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FRecreatie_en_Sport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.velorama.nl%2F
desc:	NationaalFietsmuseum.Informatieoverhetmuseumendecollectiefietsenvan1817totnu.Meteenspeciaalonderdeelvoorkinderen.

title:	Dagbladmuseum Antwerpen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FCultuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dagbladmuseum.be%2F
desc:	Overdegeschiedenisvanhetdagblad.

title:	In den groenen zonck [Wouw] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FCultuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grafischmuseumindengroenenzonck.nl%2F
desc:	Grafischmuseumenatelier.Overdeopkomstendewerkingvandeboekdrukunstenanderegrafischetechnieken.

title:	Kasteel - Museum Sypesteyn [Nieuw-Loosdrecht] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FCultuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sypesteyn.nl%2F
desc:	Rijksmonumentmeteencollectiediebestaatuitdevelerleiverzamelingendiedoorjhr.VanSypesteynbijeenwerdengebracht.Ookeenbezoekaandetuinisdemoeitewaard.

title:	Literatuurmuseum [Den Haag] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FCultuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.literatuurmuseum.nl%2F
desc:	VormtsamenmethetKinderboekenmuseumeengeheel.HeefttotdoeldebelangstellingenwaarderingvoorhetNederlandseliteraireerfgoedvanaf1750tevergroten.

title:	Museum De Laarman [Luttenberg] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FCultuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delaarman.nl%2F
desc:	CollectiemetobjectendieeenbeeldgevenvandeSallandseenregionaleagrarischegeschiedenisenboerencultuur.

title:	Museum Joure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FCultuur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumjoure.nl%2F
desc:	CollectiesophetgebiedvanoudeFrieseambachten.

title:	Maison du braconnage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9f%C3%A9rences%2FMus%C3%A9es%2FSports_et_loisirs%2FSports%2FChasse_et_p%C3%AAche%2FChasse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maisondubraconnage.com%2F
desc:	Moded'identificationdelaSologne,lebraconnagelivresonhistoire,sapratiqueetsonimpactdansl'imaginairecollectifsurunmondedelachasseignorantlaloi.Chaon.Loir-et-Cher,France.

title:	Miniature Museum of Greater St. Louis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FModels_and_Miniatures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fminiaturemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Featuresdollsanddollhouses,roomboxes,vignettes,furnitureandaccessories.Alsohousesalibrarydevotedtominiatures.

title:	Museum of Miniatures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FModels_and_Miniatures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofminiatures.ca%2F
desc:	Canadianmuseumexhibiting1/12scalecoveredwagonsonthemove,Indianvillages,wildanimalsandawesterntownalongwithover150modelcarsandtrucks.LocatedinNanton,Alberta.

title:	National Model Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FModels_and_Miniatures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modelaircraft.org%2Fmuseum%2Fmuseum.aspx
desc:	ViewthelargestcollectionofmodelaircraftintheUnitedStates.Includesdetailsofexhibits,alibrary,restorationshop,astore,hours,andadmissions.LocatedinMuncie,Indiana.

title:	Toy Steam Engines From Around the World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FRecreation_and_Sports%2FModels_and_Miniatures&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmikes-steam-engines.co.uk%2F
desc:	Aonlinemuseumoftoysteamenginesandmodelengineeredsteamenginesfromaroundtheworld.

title:	Museo Alfa Romeo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FAuto%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alfaromeo.it%2Fit%2F%23%2Fstoria%2Fmuseo%2Finaugurazione
desc:	[Arese,MI]Proponeunavisitavirtuale,seguendolarealearticolazionedelmuseo,lavisionedifilmatiedimmagini,laprenotazionedellavisita.

title:	Museo dell'Automobile 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FTempo_Libero%2FAuto%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museoauto.it%2F
desc:	[Torino]IlMuseoNazionaleBiscarettidiRuffiaesponeoltre170vetture.Storiaedinformazioniperlavisita.

title:	Arbon, Oldtimer Club Saurer Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FKultur%2FMuseen%2FTransport_und_Verkehr%2FAutomobile&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saureroldtimer.ch%2F
desc:	InformationenzuClubundSammlungvonSaurerLastwagenundSaurerMotoreninArbon,Schweiz.

title:	Dorbirn, Rolls-Royce Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FKultur%2FMuseen%2FTransport_und_Verkehr%2FAutomobile&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rolls-royce-museum.at%2F
desc:	GrundlegendeInformationen,Termine,Archiv,virtuellerRundgang.

title:	National Museum Jamaica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseums-ioj.org.jm%2F
desc:	Collects,preservesanddocumentstheisland'smaterialculture.Providesinformationontheirexhibitionsandcollections.

title:	The Ouidah Museum of History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museeouidah.org%2F
desc:	Presentsthemes,history,generalinformation,attractions,andfoodandlodginglocatedinBenin.

title:	Wellington Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FHistory&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmedia1.mweb.co.za%2Fwellingtonmuseum%2F
desc:	ShowcasesthehistoryofWellingtonandincludesararecollectionofEgyptianartifacts.LocatedinSouthAfrica.

title:	Toyota Automobile Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toyota.co.jp%2FMuseum%2F
desc:	Exhibitsthehistoryoftheautomobile,includingJapanese,AmericanandEuropeancars.Offersavirtualtourandcontactinformation.LocatedinNagakuteCity,Japan.

title:	Ural Ataman Classic Car Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FAutomobiles&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atamanmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Generalandvisitorinformationwithvehiclesondisplay.LocatedinIstanbul,Turkey.

title:	Dakota Dinosaur Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dakotadino.com%2F
desc:	Rock,mineralandfossilspecimens,includingacompleteTriceratopsskeleton,inDickinson,NorthDakota.

title:	Diamonds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcq.org%2Fdiamants%2Faaindex.html
desc:	OverviewofanexhibitionpresentedattheMuseumofcivilizationinQuebec.Featuresdozensofjewelsonloanfrompublicandprivatecollectionsallovertheworld.

title:	Fundy Geological Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffundygeological.novascotia.ca%2F
desc:	InParrsboro,NovaScotia,withanactivefossilresearchprogramandexcellenteducationalprograms.Sitetopicsincludedinosaurbones,gemsandminerals,andBayofFundytides.

title:	James Madison University Mineral Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.jmu.edu%2Fmineralmuseum%2F
desc:	InHarrisonburg,Virginia.Features500crystalsandgemstonesfromaroundtheworld.

title:	Johnston Geology Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emporia.edu%2F%7Ees%2Fmuseum%2Fmuseum.htm
desc:	EmporiaStateUniversity,Emporia,Kansas.Collectionincludesvertebrateandinvertebratefossils,plantfossils,evaporiteandothermineralspecimens,andsedimentarystructures.

title:	Mineralogical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geomus.fas.harvard.edu%2F
desc:	Harvardmuseumwhichfeaturesabroadspectrumofmineralogicalandgeologicalspecimens,includingtheSmithMeteoriteCollection.

title:	Mt. Blanco Fossil Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmtblanco.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesfossilsfromWestTexas:pictures,salesofcasts,scheduledevents.

title:	Royal Tyrrell Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tyrrellmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Featurestensignaturegalleriesdevotedtopaleontology,with40dinosaurskeletonswithmorethan110,000fossilspecimens.Includeshoursofoperation,admissionanddirections.LocatedinDrumheller,Alberta,Canada.

title:	School of Mines Mineralogy Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.musee.mines-paristech.fr%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonexhibitspecimens.Paris,France.

title:	Sedgwick Museum of Earth Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sedgwickmuseum.org%2F
desc:	PartoftheUniversityofCambridge.Informationoneducation,research,exhibitsandevents.Admissionfree.

title:	University of California Museum of Paleontology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FEarth_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucmp.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	Collectionsincludefossilandmodernorganismsrepresentingprokaryotestovertebratescollectedfromallcontinents.Limitedexhibitsopentothepublic.Includeshours,specialevents,shortcoursesanddirections.LocatedinBerkeley.

title:	Anthropological Institute and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aim.uzh.ch%2F
desc:	ExhibitsanoverviewofhumanevolutionfromAustralopithecustomodernmanandfeaturesearlyhominidfindingsinSwitzerland.

title:	Anthropological Research and Cultural Collections 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchaeology.biodiversity.ku.edu%2F
desc:	Informationoncurrentexhibitsandeducationalprograms.LocatedinLawrence,Kansas.

title:	The Arizona State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.statemuseum.arizona.edu%2F
desc:	FocusesonthestudyofSouthwesternIndiancultures.Collectionsincludeprehistoric,historicandmodernartifacts,photographs,archives,andsoundrecordings.Includeseventsandprograms,mapanddirections.LocatedinTucson.

title:	Berndt Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berndt.uwa.edu.au%2F
desc:	AustralianethnographicmuseumspecializinginthematerialcultureofAboriginalAustralians.LocatedinPerth,Australia.

title:	C.E. Smith Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclass.csueastbay.edu%2Fanthropologymuseum%2FHome_Page.php
desc:	HousescollectionsfromAfrica,AsiaandNorth,Central,andSouthAmerica.Featuresdescriptionsofexhibits,includingcomingattractionsandinformationonvolunteerandstudentinternopportunities.

title:	Civic Historical Museum of Cuggiono 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cuggiono.org%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheartifactsandhistoryoftheancienttown,withpictures,hours,anddirectionsfortravel.LocatedinItaly.

title:	Ethnographic Museum of Zurich University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.musethno.uzh.ch%2F
desc:	LocationandhoursfortheSwissmuseumofnon-Europeancultures.

title:	Grace Hudson Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gracehudsonmuseum.org%2F
desc:	FocusesontheworkofartistGraceCarpenterHudsonandherethnologisthusband,Dr.JohnHudson.LocatedinUkiah,California.

title:	Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brown.edu%2Fresearch%2Ffacilities%2Fhaffenreffer-museum%2F
desc:	LocatedinBristol,RhodeIslandhousingartifactsfromthenativepeoplesoftheAmericas,Africa,AsiaandthePacific.

title:	Hudson Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umaine.edu%2Fhudsonmuseum%2F
desc:	Includesvirtualexhibits,eventschedules,hoursanddescriptionsofeducationalprograms.LocatedinOrono,Maine,UnitedStates.

title:	Logan Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beloit.edu%2Flogan%2F
desc:	Featuresvirtualexhibitsfromthecollege'sethnographicmuseum.LocatedinBeloit,Wisconsin.

title:	Lowell D. Holmes Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fholmes.anthropology.museum%2F
desc:	Exhibits,events,faculty,andcourseinformationfromWichitaStateUniversity'smuseum.

title:	Maxwell Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unm.edu%2F%7Emaxwell%2F
desc:	Holdsover10millionindividualitemsinitsarchaeological,ethnological,archival,photoandskeletalcollections.Thecollectionscomefromallpartsoftheworld,buthaveaSouthwesternemphasis.LocatedinAlbuquerque,NewMexico.

title:	Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanthromuseum.missouri.edu%2F
desc:	Featuresonlineexhibits,researchinformationonethnographic,archaeologicalandhistoricalcollections.Includeshours,toursbyappointmentanddirections.Freeadmission.LocatedinColumbia,Missouri.

title:	Museum of Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csuchico.edu%2Fanthmuseum%2F
desc:	Containsexhibits,on-linemuseum,museumstudiesprogram,andmembershipinformation.LocatedinChico,California.

title:	Museum of Anthropology and Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unisa.ac.za%2Fdefault.asp%3FCmd%3DViewContent%26ContentID%3D62
desc:	Policy,tour,thecollections,andhistoricalbackground.LocatedattheUniversityofSouthAfrica.

title:	Museum of Anthropology at The University of British Columbia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moa.ubc.ca%2F
desc:	Exhibits,collections,calendars,andprogramsfromthemuseumspecializinginFirstNationsculture.LocatedinVancouver.

title:	Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaa.cam.ac.uk%2F
desc:	PartoftheFacultyofArchaeologyandAnthropologyattheUniversityofCambridge.Exhibitions,collections,on-linecatalogue.

title:	Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FAnthropology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.penn.museum%2F
desc:	UniversityofPennsylvaniamuseumfeaturingonlineexhibits,articlesandresearch.

title:	Aboa Vetus: Museum of Archaeology and History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aboavetusarsnova.fi%2F
desc:	Museumofarchaeologyandhistory,builtaroundanexcavatedmedievalcityblockinTurku,Finland.Includeshours,fees,anddirections.[FinnishandEnglish]

title:	Alexandria Archaeology Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Foha.alexandriava.gov%2Farchaeology%2F
desc:	TheCityofAlexandria,Virginia'scommunityarchaeologyprogram.Holdsacollectionfrommorethan150sites,spanning10,000years.Onlineexhibitions,collections,staff,news.

title:	America's Stonehenge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stonehengeusa.com%2F
desc:	Outdoormuseumlocatedata4000yearoldprehistoricsiteinSalem,NH.Featuresarchaeology,astronomyandarchaeoastronomy.

title:	The Amerind Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amerind.org%2F
desc:	MissionistoeducateandinformthepublicaboutAmericanIndianprehistoryandhistory.Exhibitsrangefromanthropologyandarchaeologytofinearts.LocatedinBenson,Arizona.

title:	The Archaeological Museum of Bologna 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comune.bologna.it%2Fmuseoarcheologico%2F
desc:	ContainsthearchaeologicalfindsfromtheBolognaarea,andothercollectionsofantiquities.IllustrateddescriptionsoftheEgyptianandEtruscancollections.

title:	Archaeological Museum of KSU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ksu.ru%2Farcheol_en%2F
desc:	MuseumofKazanStateUniversityhasover4000objectsreflectingthehistoryandarchaeologyoftheVolga-Kamabasin.

title:	Besh-Ba-Gowah Archaeological Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jqjacobs.net%2Fsouthwest%2Fbesh_ba_gowah.html
desc:	A700yearoldSaladoCulturepueblowithdisplaysofartifacts,andincludesimages,historyandgeneralinformationlocatedatGlobe.

title:	Dickson Mounds Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museum.state.il.us%2Fismsites%2Fdickson%2F
desc:	On-sitearchaeologicalmuseumexhibitingtheworldoftheAmericanIndianthrough12,000yearsofhumanexperienceintheIllinoisRiverValley.LocatedinLewistown,Illinois.

title:	The Heuneburg Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heuneburg.de%2F
desc:	ThearchaeologyofaCeltictowninupperSwabia.Excavationfindsinthemuseumandthehikingtrailtotheburialmoundsandothermonumentsinthelandscape.LocatedinHerbertingen.

title:	Kelsey Museum of Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lsa.umich.edu%2Fkelsey%2F
desc:	ExhibitsofexcavationsandsurveysfromtheMediterraneanworld.SponsorsarchaeologicalfieldworkinvolvingUniversityofMichiganfaculty,staff,andstudents.LocatedinAnnArbor.

title:	Lynn H. Wood Archaeology Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww1.southern.edu%2Fadministration%2Farchaeology%2F
desc:	SouthernAdventistUniversity,Collegedale,Tennessee:containsdatabaseandphotogalleryofartifactsfromtheNearEast.

title:	Museum of Anthropology and Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unisa.ac.za%2Fdefault.asp%3FCmd%3DViewContent%26ContentID%3D62
desc:	Policy,tour,thecollections,andhistoricalbackground.LocatedattheUniversityofSouthAfrica.

title:	Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfu.museum%2F
desc:	AtSimonFraserUniversity,Burnaby,BritishColumbia,givesatasteofarchaeologyinCanada.IncludesphotographsanddescriptionsofprehistoricsitesatCharlieLakeCave,NamuandKeatleyCreek.

title:	Museum of Ontario Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchaeologymuseum.ca%2F
desc:	Museumdevotedtothestudy,display,andinterpretationofthehumanoccupationofSouthwesternOntariooverthepast11,000years.LocatedinLondon.

title:	National Dinosaur Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnationaldinosaurmuseum.com.au%2F
desc:	Canberra,Australia:Describesexhibits;includesonlinedinosauractivitiesforchildren.

title:	The Neanderthal Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neanderthal.de%2F
desc:	Tellsthestoryofhumanevolution.Includesonlineexhibits,researchinformation,hours,admission,directions,andlinkstootherresources.LocatedinMettmann,Germany.[EnglishandGerman]

title:	Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peabody.harvard.edu%2F
desc:	Foundedin1866byGeorgePeabody,itisoneoftheoldestmuseumsintheworlddevotedtoanthropology.History,departments,collections,galleries,events,staff.

title:	Robert S. Peabody Museum of Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andover.edu%2FMuseums%2FMuseumOfArchaeology%2FPages%2Fdefault.aspx
desc:	Archives,calendar,thecollection,exhibits,andgeneralinformation.LocatedinAndover,Massachusetts.

title:	Rock Art Research Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rockartscandinavia.se%2Fuk%2Fstart.html
desc:	Articles,mapsandopeninghours.LocatedinTanumshede,Sweden.

title:	Semitic Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.semiticmuseum.fas.harvard.edu%2F
desc:	OneoftheHarvardUniversityMuseums,housingcollectionsofarchaeologicalmaterialsfromtheAncientNearEast.LocatedinCambridge,Massachusetts.

title:	Siegfried H. Horn Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andrews.edu%2Farchaeology%2Fmuseum%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,history,cuneiformtablets,lectureseries,andphotos.LocatedinBerrienSprings,Michigan.

title:	University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.penn.museum%2F
desc:	TheMuseumhassentmorethan350expeditionstoalltheinhabitedcontinentsoftheworld.Onlineexhibits,articlesandresearch.

title:	The British Schools Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishschoolsmuseum.co.uk%2F
desc:	BuildingstellthestoryofelementaryeducationinBritainfrom1810until1945.Includesclassroomexhibits,avisitor'sguide,directionsandamap.LocatedinHitchin,Hertfordshire.

title:	Catalina Island Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.catalinamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Foundedin1953tocollect,preserveandinterprettheculturalheritageofthearea.Includesdetailsofexhibits,events,hoursandadmission.LocatedinAvalon,California,UnitedStates.

title:	Culinary Archives & Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culinary.org%2F
desc:	Devotedtothepreservationofculinaryartsandhospitalityhistory.Featurescastironrangesandstoves,Americanfoods,menus,cookbooks.LocatedinJohnsonandWalesUniversity,Providence,RhodeIsland.

title:	Dublin Writers Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writersmuseum.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesahistoryandcelebrationofIrishliterarylife.

title:	Dunblane Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dunblanemuseum.org.uk%2F
desc:	Establishedin1943inabuildingdatingfrom1624andfeaturesmanyexhibitsconcernedwiththeecclesiasticalhistoryofthearea.Includesavisitor'sguide,photos,andaresearchfacility.LocatedinPerthshire,Scotland.

title:	Father McDyer's Folk Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glenfolkvillage.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesaclusterofsixsmallcottagesthatrecreateadifferenteraofIrishhistory-fromthe17th,18th,and19thcenturies.Includesdetailsofthefurnishings,acraftshopandtearoom,anddirectionstothelocationinGlencolmcille,CountyDonegal,Ireland.

title:	Fowler Museum at UCLA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fowler.ucla.edu%2F
desc:	Collectionscomprisemorethan150,000ethnographicand600,000archaeologicalobjectsrepresentingprehistoric,historic,andcontemporaryculturesofAfrica,Asia,Oceania,andtheAmericas,pastandpresent.Includeshoursandfreeadmission.LocatedinLosAngeles,California.

title:	Horniman Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.horniman.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Featuresthreemaincollections,worldcultures,naturalhistoryandmusic.Includesdetailsofdisplays,openingtimes,facilitiesanddirections.LocatedinLondon,UK.

title:	Indiana State Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exploreexhibitsofart,scienceandculture.Includesdetailsofthegalleries,aneventscalendar,programs,informationabouttheLegacyTheater,memberships,andavisitor'sguide.LocatedinIndianapolis,Indiana,UnitedStates.

title:	International Red Cross and Red Crescent Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redcrossmuseum.ch%2F
desc:	Exhibitsfeaturehistoryoforganizationfromitsbeginningtopresenttimes.Includesopeninghours,admissionfees,directions.LocatedinGeneva,Switzerland.[French,GermanandEnglish].

title:	Lyman Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lymanmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ExhibitstheculturalandnaturalhistoryofHawaii.LocatedinHilo.

title:	Marbles Kids Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marbleskidsmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Interactivemuseum.Featurescalendarofevents,informationonexhibitsandstaff.

title:	Mathers Museum of World Cultures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiana.edu%2F%7Emathers%2F
desc:	Collections,exhibits,events,programs,andstore.LocatedinBloomington,Indiana.

title:	The Museum of English Rural Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reading.ac.uk%2FTheMERL
desc:	Reflectsandrecordsthechangingfaceoffarmingandthecountrysidethroughcollectionsofobjects,archives,photographs,filmandbooks.IncludesdetailsandamaptothelocationinReading,UK.

title:	Museum of Northern British Columbia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuseumofnorthernbc.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesdisplaysofNorthwestCoasthumanandnaturalhistoryfromtheendofthelasticeagetothe20thCentury.Includesdetailsofexhibits,programs,fees,hours,membershipsanddirections.LocatedinPrinceRupert,BritishColumbia,Canada.

title:	Museum of Sex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofsex.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtotheexplorationofthehistory,evolutionandculturalsignificanceofhumansexuality,advocatingopendiscourseandstrivingtopresenttothepublicthebestincurrentscholarshipunhinderedbyself-censorship.LocatedinNewYork,NewYork.

title:	National Museum of Funeral History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmfh.org%2F
desc:	Amuseumof19thand20thcenturyfuneraryhistoryintheUnitedStates.Onlinecollectionsandmembershipinformation,andgiftshop.LocatedinHouston,Texas.

title:	Reading Public Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.readingpublicmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Offerscollectionsofart,science,andcivilization,andaplanetarium.Containsdetailsofthecollections,events,memberships,volunteeropportunities,hours,admissionrates,anddirectionstothelocationinReading,Pennsylvania,UnitedStates.

title:	Shetland Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shetland-museum.org.uk%2F
desc:	Containsculture,archaeology,maritimeandtextiledisplays.Includesdetailsofexhibits,projects,photographicarchiveandnewsletter.LocatedintheUK.

title:	Southern Food and Beverage Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southernfood.org%2F
desc:	Nonprofitorganization,dedicatedtothediscovery,understandingandcelebrationoftheculinaryheritageoftheSouth,plansitsopeninginNewOrleans,LouisianainJune,2005.Providesmembershipdetails,pressreleases,andevents.

title:	The UCM Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucmmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Featuresmemorabilia,folkart,homemadeinventions,aminiatureanimatedtownandgiftshop.Includeshours,admissionanddirections.LocatedinAbitaSprings,Louisiana.

title:	Wick Heritage Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FCultural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caithness.org%2Fhistory%2Fwickheritagecentre%2Fnewwickheritage%2F
desc:	Collectionfeaturesartifacts,memorabiliaandover60,000photographsthatinterpretcommunitylife.Includesdetailsofbuildingsandexhibits,hours,admissionanddirections.BasedinCaithnessinNorthernScotland.

title:	The Academy of Natural Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FBiology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ansp.org%2F
desc:	Philadelphia,world'sleaderinfreshwaterscienceresearchandbiodiversityresearch,museumhostsdinosaurs,fossils,livebutterflies,dioramas,offersenvironmentalscienceeducationtoadultsandstudents,libraryandarchives.

title:	California Academy of Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FScience%2FBiology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calacademy.org%2F
desc:	GoldenGatePark,SanFrancisco.IncludesNaturalHistoryMuseum,MorrisonPlanetariumandSteinhartAquariumallinonelocation.NaturalHistoryMuseumisoneoftheworld'stop10systematicbiologyinstituteswithmajorresearchcollections.

title:	Biesboschmuseum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biesboschmuseum.nl%2F
desc:	LaatdeontwikkelingvandeBiesboschvanafdeSt.Elisabethsvloedvan1421tothedenzien.

title:	Museon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museon.nl%2F
desc:	HetMuseoniseenpopulair-wetenschappelijkmuseuminDenHaag,metveelwisselendetentoonstellingenencollectiesophetgebiedvanvolkenkunde,geschiedenis,biologie,natuurkundeengeologie.

title:	Museum Klok & Peel [Asten] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumklokenpeel.nl%2F
desc:	Museummeteencollectieklokken,hetbeiaardmuseum,eneencollectieoveralleswatleeftindenabijgelegennatuurgebiedNationaalPark'DeGrootePeel'.

title:	Naturalis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naturalis.nl%2F
desc:	NationaalNatuurhistorischMuseumLeiden

title:	Natuur Historisch Museum (NHM) [Meerssen] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhmmeerssen.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdeverschillendecollectiesophetgebiedvan:geologie,biologieenheemkunde.

title:	Natuurhistorisch en Volkenkundig Museum Oudenbosch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nvmoudenbosch.nl%2F
desc:	Overzichtvandecollectie.Eneenkalendermetspecialejeugdactiviteiten,cursussen,lezingenenexcursies.

title:	Natuurhistorisch Museum Maastricht 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhmmaastricht.nl%2F
desc:	IneenvandemeestsfeervollestukjesvanmonumentenstadMaastrichttreftuhetNatuurhistorischmuseumaanophetDeBosquetplein.

title:	Natuurhistorisch museum Rotterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hetnatuurhistorisch.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverhetmuseum,decollectieendetentoonstellingen.

title:	Natuurmuseum Brabant [Tilburg] 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FMusea%2FWetenschap_en_Techniek%2FNatuurhistorisch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.natuurmuseumbrabant.nl%2F
desc:	Heeftalsdoelomopeenamusanteenspeelsemanier,voorgrootenklein,hetbelangvannatuurenmilieuduidelijktemaken.Ditgebeurddoormiddelvantentoonstellingen,educatieveprojectenenvoorlichtingsactiviteiten.

title:	The Cutty Sark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmg.co.uk%2Fcutty-sark
desc:	FamousteaclippernowmooredatGreenwich,England.Featuresinformationonopeningtimes,restoration,andhistory.

title:	Dunbrody: Famine Ship 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dunbrody.com%2F
desc:	ThereconstructionofathreemastedbarqueDunbrodyoriginallybuiltQuebec1845fortheGravesfamilyinNewRoss.

title:	Hjemkomst Viking Ship 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hcscconline.org%2Fcurrent-exhibits%2Fhjemkomst-viking-ship%2F
desc:	Vikingshipreplica.MuseumislocatedatMoorhead,MN.

title:	Kalmar Nyckel: The Tall Ship of Delaware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kalmarnyckel.org%2F
desc:	IncludespicturesoftheshipandtheroleitplayedinsettlingtheWilmington,Delawarearea.

title:	Lady Love - The Lady Washington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.historicalseaport.org%2F
desc:	Replicaofan18thcentury90tonbrig.Providesvolunteerism,thecurrentandpastcrews,theship'sschedule,vesselspecifications,aweblog,animagegallery,andFAQs.LocatedinAberdeen,Washington.

title:	Overfalls Maritime Museum Foundation (OMMF) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.overfalls.org%2F
desc:	Oneofonly17remainingU.S.lightships,restoredandplacedontheNationalRegisterofHistoricPlaces.Includesavisitor'sguide,membershipdetailsanddirectiontoLewes,Delaware,UnitedStates.

title:	Schooner C.A. Thayer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fsafr%2Fhistoryculture%2Fc-a-thayer.htm
desc:	Featureshistoryofthe1895schooneranditsrestoration.LocatedinSanFrancisco,CA.

title:	The Schooner Ernestina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ernestina.org%2F
desc:	GrandBanksfishingschoonerrecognizedasaNationalHistoricLandmarkbytheDepartmentoftheInterior.Informationonitshistory,eventscalendar,programsandmembership.

title:	Square-Rigger Balclutha 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fsafr%2Fhistoryculture%2Fbalclutha.htm
desc:	1886vesselfeaturinghistoryandfacilityinformation.

title:	SS Shieldhall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ss-shieldhall.co.uk%2F
desc:	CargosteamshipbuiltonRiverClyde,1955.Includesinformationonsailingprogramsandtechnicaldetails.

title:	The Steamship Virginia V 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.virginiav.org%2F
desc:	1921steam-poweredpassengervesselandoneofonlytwooperatingsteam-powered,woodenhullpassengershipssurvivingintheUnitedStatestoday.LocatedinSeattle,WA.

title:	The Steamship William G. Mather Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatscience.com%2Fexhibits%2Fsteamship-william-g-mather.aspx
desc:	RetiredGreatLakesbulkfreighter.Providesphotogallery,scheduleofevents,andhoursofoperation.

title:	The Tall Ship at Riverside 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thetallship.com%2F
desc:	MainexhibitistherestoredClydebuiltbarqueGlenlee(1896).

title:	TSS Stefan Batory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FShips&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstefanbatoryoceanliner.weebly.com%2F
desc:	Thelastregularlyscheduledtransatlanticlinerwhichsaileduntil1988.Providesherhistory,photosandsisterships.

title:	Scienceworks Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmuseumvictoria.com.au%2FScienceworks%2F
desc:	Featuringhands-onexhibits,livedemonstrations,tours,activitiesandshows.Includeshours,informationforteachers,admissionratesanddirections.LocatedinVictoria,Australia.

title:	Seoul Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FChildren%27s_Museums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seoulchildrensmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Hands-onparticipatoryexhibitsandprograms,andvisitorinformation.LocatedinSeoul,Korea.[English,Korean,Chinese,Japanese]

title:	Asian Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Francisco%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asianart.org%2F
desc:	TheChong-MoonLeeCenterforAsianArtandCultureisoneofthelargestmuseumsofitskindintheworld.

title:	California Academy of Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Francisco%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calacademy.org%2F
desc:	LocatedinGoldenGatePark,SanFrancisco,CaliforniaandconsistsofaNaturalHistoryMuseum,PlanetariumandAquariumallinonelocation.

title:	California Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Francisco%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.californiahistoricalsociety.org%2F
desc:	Foundedin1871,theSocietyisCalifornia'sofficialarchivesofhistoricalinformation.

title:	Cartoon Art Museum of San Francisco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Francisco%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cartoonart.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitsshowcasecontemporarycartoonsasart.Includesawards,volunteerinformation,andhowtorentthefacility.

title:	American Museum of Magic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanmuseumofmagic.org%2F
desc:	PrivatelyownedcollectionofitemsrelatedtotheartofmagicinMarshall,Michigan.Includesshowdates,admissioninformation,andalocationmap.

title:	Bona Museum & Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bonamuseum.com%2F
desc:	CollectionincludesKoreanwomen'spersonalornamentsandfolkartthroughouthistory.LocatedinSeoul,Korea.

title:	EMP Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.empmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Seattle,Washington,museumprovidesalookatexhibits,hoursandlocation,acalendarofevents,anewsletter,andmembershipdetails.

title:	Google Cultural Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2Fculturalinstitute%2Fproject%2Fart-project
desc:	Virtualcollectionsfromaroundtheworldwithartworksphotographedinhighresolution.Createandsharecollectionsofmasterpieces.

title:	Hollywood Museums 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seeing-stars.com%2FMuseums%2F
desc:	AguidetothemanyLosAngeles-basedmuseumsrelatedtothemotionpictureindustryandHollywoodcelebrities.

title:	Logic Puzzle Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.logicpuzzlemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Provideshands-onactivitiesinBurlington,Wisconsin.Finddetailsofthecollection,hours,events,anddrivingdirections.

title:	Madame Tussaud's 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madametussauds.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesaccesstoMadameTussaud'sLondon,LondonPlanetariumandRockCircusaswellasMadameTussaud'sinEuropeandtheUSA.

title:	Museum of Mediterranean Masks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museodellemaschere.it%2F
desc:	PresentsthecollectionofseriesofSardinianandMediterraneanmasks.LocatedinMamoida,Sardinia,Italy.

title:	Museum of the City of New York 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcny.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitions,collections,publicandschoolprograms,images,andshopping.

title:	Museum Syndicate: Experience Art and History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumsyndicate.com%2F
desc:	Featuringcollectionsbyartists,country,museum,date,orcategory.

title:	The National Museums of Berlin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smb.museum%2F
desc:	Consistof16museums,specializinginareasofEuropeanandextra-Europeanart,archaeologyandethnology.Includesdetailsofcollections,openinghours,programs,locationsanddirections.[GermanandsomeEnglish].

title:	National Museums Scotland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nms.ac.uk%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheNationalMuseumofScotland,NationalMuseumofFlight,NationalMuseumofRuralLifeandNationalWarMuseum.Includesopeningtimes,anoverviewofthegalleries,events,anddirections.

title:	Roberson Museum & Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roberson.org%2F
desc:	Features19thand20th-centuryart,history,folklife,scienceandnaturalhistory.Includeshours,admissionfees,events,programs,membershipinformation,anddirections.LocatedinBinghamton,NewYork.

title:	Russian Imperial Wax Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Frussianimperial.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Exhibitionsfeaturemorethan500figuresbasedondifferentthemesincludinghistory,moviestarsandtheGuinnessBookofWorldRecords.Includeshours,admissionsandlocations.

title:	Washington Pavilion of Arts and Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FArts_and_Entertainment&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpavilion.org%2F
desc:	Featuresexhibitsinvisualarts,performingartsandscience.Includeshours,descriptionsofexhibits,photographs,educationalprograms,eventsanddirections.LocatedinSiouxFalls,SouthDakota.

title:	Flying Leatherneck Aviation Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.flyingleathernecks.org%2F
desc:	LocatedatMiramarairstationandcoveringthehistoryofUSMarineCorpsaviation.Visitinginformation,locationandhours.

title:	Maritime Museum of San Diego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdmaritime.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformation,exhibits,education,publications,eventscalendar,andspecialeventsfacilities.

title:	The New Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thinkplaycreate.org%2F
desc:	Providesinteractiveeducationalexperiencesthatpromotelearningthroughthearts.Includesexhibits,calendar,museumschool,gallery,membership,andadmissioninformation.

title:	San Diego Aerospace Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandiegoairandspace.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,news,membership,exhibits,virtualtour,andeducationprograms.

title:	San Diego Aircraft Carrier Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.midway.org%2F
desc:	TheU.S.S.Midwayopenedin2004asanavalaviationmuseum.Museuminformation,exhibits,programs,andshiphistory.

title:	San Diego Automotive Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsdautomuseum.org%2F
desc:	Collectionshowcasingthehistoryofautomobiles.Generalinformation,hours,admission,locationmap,history,exhibits,membership,andlinkstolocalclubs.

title:	San Diego Chinese Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdchm.org%2F
desc:	IncludesanAsiangarden,asmalllibrary,andexhibitsrelatedtoChinesehistory.Hours,location,andinformationaboutthecollection.

title:	San Diego Hall of Champions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdhoc.com%2F
desc:	OffersinteractiveexhibitsandmemorabiliacelebratingSanDiegosportshistory,plustravelingexhibits.Events,exhibits,programs,andinformationaboutathletesrepresented.

title:	San Diego History Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandiegohistory.org%2F
desc:	Offersexhibitsfromthesociety'scollections,plustravelingshows.Focusesonarea'sgrowthsincethe1840's.Location,admission,andhours.

title:	San Diego Model Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdmrm.org%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,exhibits,clubs,educationalprograms,photographgallery,andcomingevents.

title:	San Diego Museum of Man 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumofman.org%2F
desc:	Anthropologicalmuseumcontainingartifacts,folkart,andarchaeologicalfinds.Exhibits,education,membership,events,publications,history,location,andhours.

title:	San Diego Natural History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdnhm.org%2F
desc:	FocusesonsouthernCaliforniaandBajaCalifornia.Eventscalendar,research,education,exhibits,fieldguide,kids'area,andgeneralinformation.

title:	Villa Montezuma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvillamontezuma.org%2F
desc:	Victorianmansionbuiltin1887.Description,earlyphotograph,location,admission,andhours.

title:	William Heath Davis House Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSan_Diego%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gothere.com%2Fsandiego%2Fgaslamp%2FIs410.htm
desc:	Museumfeaturessalt-boxstylehomeassembledinSanDiegoin1850,andlocatedtodayindowntown'sGaslampQuarter.Informationaboutthehomeandtoursofthesurroundingarea.

title:	The National Steinbeck Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSalinas%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.steinbeck.org%2F
desc:	MuseumindowntownSalinascenteredonthelifeofJohnSteinbeck.

title:	Centro Studi Tradizioni Nautiche 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSport%2FAcquatici%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cstn.it%2F
desc:	[Napoli]Haloscopodifavorirelaricercaelaconservazionedidocumentierepertiriguardantilaculturaeletradizionimarinaresche,lastoriadellanavigazioneavelaeamotore,dadiportoeagonistica.

title:	Musei Navali 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSport%2FAcquatici%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sullacrestadellonda.it%2Fmusei%2Fmuseindex.htm
desc:	Lielencafraitalianiedeuropei.Informazioneelinks.

title:	Museo dei Navigli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSport%2FAcquatici%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museodeinavigli.com%2F
desc:	[Milano]Sonoespostiinmostrapermanente,plastici,affreschiedipintiscenograficisull'operaelaCerchiadeiNavigli.Presentazione,visitaallesale,serviziedinformazioniutili.

title:	Museo del Mare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSport%2FAcquatici%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.tiscali.it%2Fmuseodelmare%2F
desc:	[Ischia,NA]Strumentidellanavigazioneeperlapesca,imbarcazioniebiografiedimarinaicelebri,cartenautiche.Presentazione,visitaonlineesezionevirtuale,informazioniutili.

title:	Il Museo del Mare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSport%2FAcquatici%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arpnet.it%2Fanmi%2Ftesto%2Fmuseo.html
desc:	[VenariaReale,TO]Fotografieedelencoreperticustoditi,informazioniutili;acuradellalocalesezionedell'AssociazioneNazionaleMarinaid'Italia.

title:	Museo navale internazionale di Imperia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSport%2FAcquatici%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cec.it%2FComuni%2FIMPERIA%2FNAVAL%2F
desc:	Raccoglieletestimonianzedelletradizionimarinareligurieditaliane.Presentazione,visitaallediversesezioni,informazioniutili.

title:	Sommergibile Nazario Sauro S518 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=sports&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FSport%2FAcquatici%2FMusei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sommergibilenazariosauro.it%2F
desc:	Presentalanavemuseovisibileinmare,ilmuseodiGalata.

title:	Kidspace Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPasadena%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidspacemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Children'smuseumprovidingexhibitsandprogramsinthearts,sciences,andhumanitiesthatpromoteimagination,exploration,anddiscovery.Calendar,exhibits,programs,andmembership.

title:	Norton Simon Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPasadena%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nortonsimon.org%2F
desc:	CollectionofEuropeanpaintingsandsculpturerangingfromthe14thtothe20thcentury.Exhibitionsupdateandeventscalendarpublished.

title:	Pacific Asia Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPasadena%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificasiamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exhibitions,publicprograms,andcollectionsfeaturingtheartsandcultureofAsiaandthePacificIslands.

title:	Pasadena Museum of California Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPasadena%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pmcaonline.org%2F
desc:	MuseumdedicatedtoCaliforniaartandartistsfrom1850tothepresent.Exhibitsincludepainting,graphicdesign,architecture,andphotography.

title:	Pasadena Museum of History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPasadena%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pasadenahistory.org%2F
desc:	Devotedtolocalhistoryandculture.Exhibitions,events,educationalprograms,andvisitorinformation.

title:	Baltimore and Chesapeake Steamboat Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbayheritage.org%2F
desc:	ThemissionistomaintainthesteamtugBaltimoreandoperateitasaneducationalmuseumhighlightingthetug'suniqueplaceinAmericanhistory.

title:	Eppleton Hall 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fsafr%2Fhistoryculture%2Feppleton-hall.htm
desc:	Includeshistoryofthe1914steam-poweredpaddlewheeltugboat.

title:	S/S Orion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ss-orion.se%2F
desc:	NonprofitorganizationisdedicatedtorestorationofSweden'slastremainingpilotandsalvagesteamboat,builtin1929.Includestheship'shistory,specifications,photos,membershipdetails,andlocationinStockholm.[SwedishandEnglish]

title:	Scow Schooner Alma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fsafr%2Fhistoryculture%2Falma.htm
desc:	1891scowschooner.IncludesthehistoryoftheAlmaandscowschoonersinSanFrancisco.

title:	Steam Ferryboat Eureka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fsafr%2Fhistoryculture%2Feureka.htm
desc:	1890steampaddlewheelferryboatEureka.Informationonhistory,restoration,andfacilities.

title:	Steam Tug Kerne 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tugkerne.webs.com%2F
desc:	SiteoftheNorthWesternSteamShipCompany,whoownandpreservethe1913MerseyLighterageTug,currentlyberthedintheMerseysideMaritimeMuseuminLiverpoolwithnewsandanarchivegallery.

title:	Steam Tugboat Hercules 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FMuseums%2FTransportation%2FMaritime%2FBoats&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nps.gov%2Fsafr%2Fhistoryculture%2Fhercules.htm
desc:	Presentsthe1907tugboatpreservedinSanFrancisco,includinghistory,informationonrestorationandvolunteering.

title:	Agua Caliente Cultural Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPalm_Springs%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profittribalmuseumrepresentingthehistoryandcultureoftheAguaCalienteBandofCahuillaIndiansandotherCahuillapeoples.LocatedintheVillageGreenHeritageCenteronPalmCanyonDrive;admissionisfree.

title:	Palm Springs Air Museum of Flying World War II Aircraft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPalm_Springs%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpalmspringsairmuseum.org%2F
desc:	ThePalmSpringsAirMuseumisdedicatedtothepreservation,presentationandinterpretationoftheAirPowerofWorldWarTwo,itsrelevanceandsignificanceuponthecourseofhistory,anditsimpactoncontemporarylife.

title:	Palm Springs Desert Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPalm_Springs%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psmuseum.org%2F
desc:	FeaturescontemporaryandWesternAmericanart,culture,naturalhistory,theAnnenbergTheater,basketrybytheindigenousCahuillaIndians,dioramasillustratinglocalfloraandfauna,andevenawingdevotedtoDeathValley.

title:	Ruddy's General Store Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPalm_Springs%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.palmsprings.com%2Fpoints%2Fheritage%2Fruddy.html
desc:	Ifyouremember,orwishyou'dexperienced,aquieter,lesshurriedtime,you'llfindtruenostalgiawhenyoustepintotheGeneralStoreMuseum.It'satreasuredbitofthepast,convenientlylocatedintheheartofdowntownPalmSpringsonPalmCanyonDrive.

title:	Pacific Grove Heritage Society Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPacific_Grove%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacificgroveheritage.org%2F
desc:	An1891boardandbattenbarnisnowhomeofthePacificGroveHeritageSocietyanditslocalhistorymuseum,opentothepublicfreeofcharge.

title:	Point Pinos Lighthouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FP%2FPacific_Grove%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cityofpacificgrove.org%2Fvisiting%2Fpt-pinos-lighthouse
desc:	SinceFebruary1,1855,thislighthousehasprovidedasanightlyguideandwarningtosailorsofftherockyCaliforniaCoast.Today,itremainstheoldestcontinuously-operatinglighthouseontheWestCoast,featuringexhibits,interpretivetours,andasmallgiftshop.

title:	The California Military Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSacramento%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.militarymuseum.org%2F
desc:	OfficialmilitarymuseumandhistoricalresearchcenteroftheStateofCalifornia.

title:	The California Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSacramento%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.californiamuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedindowntownSacramento.HomeoftheCaliforniaHallofFame,listofexhibitsandinteractiveCaliforniaLegacyTrails.

title:	California State Railroad Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSacramento%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csrmf.org%2F
desc:	Highlightsmuseumattractionsandactivities.Detailsprices,membershiplevels,andfacilityrentalservices.

title:	Crocker Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FS%2FSacramento%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crockerartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Foundedin1885,theCrockeristheoldestpublicartmuseumwestoftheMississippiRiver.Includesdetailsofthecollections,events,programs,memberships,volunteering,hours,anddirectionstothelocation.

title:	The M.A.D.E. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FO%2FOakland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthemade.org%2F
desc:	TheMuseumofArtandDigitalEntertainment,avideogamemuseum.Includeseventscalendar,visitorguide,membershipanddonationdetails.

title:	MOCHA: The Museum of Children's Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FO%2FOakland%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mocha.org%2F
desc:	Offersclassesandexhibitsinitsmuseum,intheschools,inthecommunity.

title:	Los Altos History House and History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Altos%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.losaltoshistory.org%2F
desc:	1905Historicalhousewith1930'sdecor.MainexhibitisLosAltoshistoryandmodeltraindiorama.

title:	Long Beach Fire Department Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLong_Beach%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbfdmuseum.org%2F
desc:	LocatedatOldStation10,featureshistory,museumhours,andSamtheFirehouseCat.

title:	Long Beach Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLong_Beach%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbma.org%2F
desc:	OverlooksharborandPacificOcean.Exhibits,classes,membershipandvolunteerinformation.

title:	Museum of Latin American Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLong_Beach%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmolaa.org%2F
desc:	FeaturescontemporaryLatinAmericanart.Hours,admissionandmembershipinformation,exhibitsandevents.

title:	University Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLong_Beach%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csulb.edu%2Forg%2Fuam%2F
desc:	LocatedintheNorthCampusCenterofCaliforniaStateUniversity,LongBeach.Includesinformationonmembership,currentandupcomingexhibits,galleryhours,locationandparking.

title:	The Hollywood History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FH%2FHollywood%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thehollywoodmuseum.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesthehistoricMaxFactorbuilding.

title:	Hollywood Wax Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FH%2FHollywood%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hollywoodwaxmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Indexoffamouspeoplewhoselifelikefiguresaredisplayedinthemesettings.Includesthemuseum'shistory,locationandhours.

title:	Los Angeles Fire Department Museum and Memorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FH%2FHollywood%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lafdmuseum.org%2F
desc:	FeaturesthehistoricStation27throughaphotogalleryandarchivesoftheformerfirehouse.

title:	Discovery Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FF%2FFresno%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thediscoverycenter.net%2F
desc:	On-siteexhibits,activitiesandeventsforchildren,families,andschoolstolearnaboutnature,science,andregionalhistory.

title:	Fresno Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FF%2FFresno%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fresnoartmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Providesinformationaboutadmissionandhours,currentexhibits,educationalprograms,volunteeropportunities,andthegiftshop.

title:	Kearney Mansion Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FF%2FFresno%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.valleyhistory.org%2Findex.php%3Fc%3D14
desc:	ThisNationalHistoricRegistersitegivesvisitorsalookintoFresno'sfarmingpastandintothelifeofM.TheoKearney.Includesmuseumhours,entrancefees,andonlineshopping.

title:	Legion of Valor Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FF%2FFresno%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fresnovetsmuseum.com%2F
desc:	OrganizationofrecipientsoftheMedalofHonor,DistinguishedServiceCross,NavyCross,andtheAirForceCross.History,currentofficers,andconventionandmuseuminformationprovided.

title:	The Meux Home Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FF%2FFresno%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meux.mus.ca.us%2F
desc:	Ahomemuseumofsignificanthistoricalandarchitecturalvalue.

title:	San Diego Children's Discovery Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FE%2FEscondido%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsdcdm.org%2F
desc:	Offerscoloringbookpagestoprint,hoursanddirections,FAQ,calendarofevents,andvolunteerandmembershipinformation.

title:	Mayme A. Clayton Library and Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FC%2FCulver_City%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.claytonmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Maintainsasubstantialcollectionofrareandout-of-printbooks,documents,films,music,photographsandmemorabiliaonAfrican-Americanhistoryandculture.Includesevents,collections,andbackground.

title:	Museum Of Jurassic Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FC%2FCulver_City%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mjt.org%2F
desc:	Offbeatmuseumthatishometomanybizarrerelics.Exhibitstories,membershipdetails,anonlinestore,hoursandothervisitorinformationareonthesite.

title:	Sony Pictures Entertainment Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FC%2FCulver_City%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sonypicturesmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Amuseumofmoviememorabilia.SiteisavirtualmuseumwhichincludeshistoryofColumbiaPictures,filmeducation,photos,andhistoryofCulverCity.

title:	The African American Firefighter Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aaffmuseum.org%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtocollecting,conservingandsharingtheheritageofAfricanAmericanfirefighters.Informationoneducationprograms,organizations,museumhistory,andlinkstoresources.[Downtown]

title:	Autry National Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftheautry.org%2F
desc:	Includesgalleryphotos,eventsscheduleandresearchinformationoncenterdevotedtopreservingandinterpretingthehistoryandtraditionsofthediverseculturesoftheAmericanWest.[GriffithParkandMountWashington]

title:	California African American Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Art,historyandmemorabiliarelatedtotheAfricanAmericanexperienceandculture.Offersalibraryavailableforresearchandeducationalprograms.Includesexhibits,visitorinformation,andmuseumbackground.[ExpositionPark]

title:	California Science Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.californiasciencecenter.org%2F
desc:	Hands-onmuseumofscienceandtechnology,withanIMAX3Dtheater.Informationforvisitors,includingdescriptionsandscientificbackgroundformanyexhibits.[ExpositionPark]

title:	Chinese American Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.camla.org%2F
desc:	SharestheculturalhistoryofChinesethoughearlyimmigrationtosettlementinAmerica.Onlinebookclubandphotogallery.[Downtown]

title:	Craft and Folk Art Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cafam.org%2F
desc:	Visitorinformationincludeslocalartistresources,exhibitions,andpublicevents.[Mid-Wilshire]

title:	George C. Page Museum at the La Brea Tarpits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tarpits.org%2F
desc:	Containsfossilsfromthelastgreaticeage.Fossilexcavationinformation,iceagefactsandteacherresources.[Mid-Wilshire]

title:	The GRAMMY Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grammymuseum.org%2F
desc:	Exploresallformsofmusicandthehistoryoftheaward.Includesinformationonticketsexhibitsandeducationalprograms.[Downtown]

title:	Grier Musser Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgriermussermuseum.org%2F
desc:	AVictorianQueenAnnehousewithmonthlyholiday-themedantiqueandartifactsdisplays.Photographsandcalendarofevents.[Westlake]

title:	Heritage Square Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fheritagesquare.org%2F
desc:	StructuresfromtheVictorianeraandexhibitsthathighlightlifeinthefirst100yearsofCalifornia'sstatehood.Includesgeneralinformationforplanningavisit,scheduleofeventsandexhibits,andinformationaboutsiterentals.

title:	Japanese American National Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.janm.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtosharingtheexperiencesofAmericansthatareofJapaneseancestry.Visitorinformationincludesevents,museumdepartments,digitalexhibitions,onlinestore,andmembershipinformation.[Downtown]

title:	Korean Cultural Center of Los Angeles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kccla.org%2F
desc:	MuseumandlibraryoperatedbytheKoreangovernment'sMinistryofCultureandTourism.IncludesanonlineguidetoKorea,movieofthemonth,classinformation,andexhibitioninformation.[Mid-Wilshire]

title:	Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBerkeley%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bampfa.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	Centreforstudyandeducationwithmuseum,galleryandfilmarchive.Exhibithighlights,calendarofevents,andinformationonhours,fees,andlocation.

title:	Habitot Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBerkeley%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.habitot.org%2F
desc:	AniftykidsmuseumindowntownBerkeley.Currentschedules.

title:	The Magnes Collection of Jewish Art and Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBerkeley%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magnes.org%2F
desc:	Majorarchivalmuseum,offersrotatingdisplaysonJewishculturalhistoryandthediaspora.Findvisitorandcollectioninformation.

title:	Takara Sake Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBerkeley%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.takarasake.com%2Fsake-museum.php
desc:	Exhibitofthehistoricalsake-makingprocess,sakeartifacts,housedintheaTakaraSakefactory,adjacenttothetastingroom.IncludesdiagramsofancientJapanesesakemakingmethods.

title:	The Clarke Historical Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FE%2FEureka%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarkemuseum.org%2F
desc:	Museummap,historyofthearea,historylinks,andcontactinformation.

title:	Humboldt Arts Council and the Morris Graves Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FE%2FEureka%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humboldtarts.org%2F
desc:	Eventsandgalleryopenings,announcements,detailsonsubmittingaportfolioforexhibition,andinformationaboutthecouncilandmuseum.

title:	Los Angeles County Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lacma.org%2F
desc:	Holdsmorethan150,000worksspanningthehistoryofartfromancienttimestothepresent.Exhibitionhighlights,onlineartcollection,educationprograminformation,andanonlinestore.[Mid-Wilshire]

title:	Los Angeles Museum of The Holocaust 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Flamoth.org%2F
desc:	JewishorganizationpresentspreciousartifactsandoffersfreepubliceducationincludingdialoguewithHolocaustsurvivors.Includesevents,exhibits,archivesandcollections.[BeverlyGrove]

title:	Los Angeles Police Historical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Flaphs.org%2F
desc:	HistoricalsocietyandmuseumoftheLAPD.Newsletter,museumslideshow,andonlinebookstore.[HighlandPark]

title:	Museum of Neon Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neonmona.org%2F
desc:	Exhibits,documents,andpreservescontemporaryfineartinelectricmediaandexamplesofneonsigns.Includesinformationaboutworkshopsandcitycruises,andanonlinegallery.[Downtown]

title:	Museum of Tolerance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museumoftolerance.com%2F
desc:	Hands-onmuseumthatfocusesonracismandtheHolocaust.Multimedialearningcenter,virtualexhibits,teacher'sresources,specialcollections,andinformationaboutmuseumprograms.[Pico-Robertson]

title:	Natural History Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhm.org%2F
desc:	NaturalscienceandculturalhistorymuseumlocatedinExpositionPark.Containscollectioninformation,onlinepresentations,kid'ssection,museumfacts,eventsandexhibits,educationandresearchresources,andillustrationgalleries.[ExpositionPark]

title:	The Oran Z Pan African Black Facts & Wax Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oransblackmuseum.com%2F
desc:	Historicalwaxfigures,memorabilia,culturalartifacts,library,anddocumentsofaccomplishmentsrelatedtoAfricanandAfricanAmericanhistory.Museuminformationandphotogallery.[BaldwinHills/Crenshaw]

title:	Petersen Automotive Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petersen.org%2F
desc:	Examinestheculturalimpactofcarsonsocietyandthehistoryoftheautomobile.ContainsKid'sCorner,vehiclesearch,andexhibitionarchive.[Mid-Wilshire]

title:	Rhodes Jewish Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rhodesjewishmuseum.org%2F
desc:	CelebratesthehistoryoftheJewsofRhodes.Onlineexhibits,photogalleries,audiofiles,recipes,history,andonlinegiftshop.[Westwood]

title:	Skirball Cultural Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skirball.org%2F
desc:	Museumincludeschangingexhibitions,music,theater,comedy,film,literaryprograms,cafe,andgiftstore.Includesinformationonlifelonglearningandschoolprograms,andexhibitinformation.[Brentwood]

title:	UCLA Armand Hammer Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhammer.ucla.edu%2F
desc:	PermanentcollectionsincludetheArmandHammerCollectionofArtwhichisprimarilycomposedofimpressionistandpost-impressionistworks.[Westwood]

title:	UCLA Fowler Museum of Cultural History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fowler.ucla.edu%2F
desc:	FocusesonartandculturefromAfrica,AsiaandthePacific,andtheAmericas.Onlinecollectionsandexhibitiondetails.[Westwood]

title:	USC Fisher Gallery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffisher.usc.edu%2F
desc:	TheaccreditedartmuseumoftheUniversityofSouthernCalifornia.Includesdetailsaboutexhibitions,collections,andeducationandoutreachprograms.[UniversityPark]

title:	Zimmer Children's Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FL%2FLos_Angeles%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zimmermuseum.org%2F
desc:	Interactiveexhibitsandspecialprogramsforchildrenandfamilies.Containslistsofexhibits,programsandworkshops.[BeverlyGrove]

title:	Alameda Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FA%2FAlameda%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alamedamuseum.org%2F
desc:	Alamedahistory,geography,andthemuseumstore.

title:	USS Hornet Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FA%2FAlameda%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uss-hornet.org%2F
desc:	Navalmuseumdepicts200yearhistoryofthisship.Offersdetailedgalleryandlayoutwithtourinformationandeventsschedule.

title:	Bakersfield Museum of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBakersfield%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmoa.org%2F
desc:	Informationonmembership,exhibits,specialevents,andeducationalprograms.

title:	Buena Vista Museum Of Natural History and Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBakersfield%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sharktoothhill.org%2F
desc:	Promotesthescientificandeducationalaspectsofearthhistory,particularlypaleontologyandanthropology.

title:	California Living Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia%2FLocalities%2FB%2FBakersfield%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMuseums&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calmzoo.org%2F
desc:	Museumfeaturingflora,faunaandfossilsnativetoCalifornia,includingendangeredplantandanimalspecies.Providesinformationforeducatorsandavirtualtour.

title:	Guinness Buch der Rekorde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FWissen%2FWeltrekorde&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guinnessworldrecords.de%2F
desc:	HerausgeberderdeutschenGuinnessBuchAusgabe.InformationenzurneuestenAusgabedesGuinnessBuchesunddiedarinvertretenenRekorde.

title:	Harry-Potter-Rekorde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FWissen%2FWeltrekorde&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vangor.de%2Fhogwarts%2Fharrypotterfakten.html
desc:	FaktenundRekorderundumdasBuchunddiePersonHarryPotter.

title:	AirSerbia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FSrpski%2FPosao%2FFirme%2FTransport_i_%C5%A1pedicije&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airserbia.com%2F
desc:	Zvanicnisajtaviokompanijenudipodatkeofirmi,reduletenja,iuslugama.

title:	AFMS Transportation Management Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.afms.com%2F
desc:	Transportationintelligenceforselectingandnegotiatingcarriercontracts.

title:	Control Union World Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.controlunion.com%2F
desc:	Internationalgroupofcompaniesspecialisinginindependentinternationalcargosurveying,superintendingandcertification.

title:	CornerStone Select, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cssi-consulting.com%2F
desc:	Providingadviceonoperationalimprovementandfreightpaymentoutsourcing,withdetailsofservices,companyprofile,andclienttestimonials.USA.

title:	CostDown Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.costdownconsulting.com%2F
desc:	Costreductionconsultingforfleetoperatingcompaniesfocusingondriverproductivity,driverretention,fleetutilization,networkoptimizationandfuelmanagement.

title:	David Simmonds Consultancy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davidsimmonds.com%2F
desc:	Specialistsinland-usetransportinteraction,particularlyimpactoftransportchangeoneconomicandsocialdevelopment.

title:	ETC & Associates, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etcandassociates.com%2F
desc:	Providesbusinessplandevelopment,operationalimprovements,costanalysisandlaborrelationstoenhanceefficiencies,profitabilityandgrowthtothelessthantruckload(LTL),truckloadandsmallpackagetransportationandlogisticsindustries.

title:	The Park Group, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theparkgroup.com%2F
desc:	Informationservicesfortransportationconsultingandsolutions.Productsincludesalesreports,electronicqualitycontrol,andsoftwarepackagestomeettheneedsofyourorganization.

title:	ProLog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prologistik.se%2F
desc:	Swedishprovideroflogisticsandwarehouseconsultingservicesforinternationalclients.

title:	ProSolution Management Services Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prosolution.co.uk%2F
desc:	Automotiveindustryconsultants:vehicledesign,testing,Europeanprocurement,accidentreconstruction,ISO9000,andITservices.

title:	Richard H. Klein Consulting Engineers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.richardhklein.com%2F
desc:	Providesconsultingservicesrelatedtotrailerlitigation,stabilityandsafety.

title:	Trade Innovations Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tradeinnovations.com%2F
desc:	InternationalCustomsandC-TPATcomplianceconsulting.

title:	TransAnalytics, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transanalytics.com%2F
desc:	Nicheconsultingfirmprovidingtrafficsafetyresearch,safetyprogramevaluationanddrivertestingandtraining.[FlashRequired]

title:	Transpoconsulting, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transpoconsulting.com%2F
desc:	Servestransportationprovidersandmajorshipperstoassessandmanagespecificfunctionsandoverallmanagementservicesonaprojectorcontractedbasis.

title:	Transportation Resource Associates, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FConsulting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.traonline.com%2F
desc:	Specializinginsafety,managementandoperations.Generalandcontactinformationonthecompany,itsclients,staff,services,projectsandemployment.

title:	Belgisch Instituut der Transportorganisatoren 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FOrganisaties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bito-ibot.be%2F
desc:	Doelstellingvandezeorganisatieiseenoptimaleverzendingvangoederenteorganiseren.

title:	Beurtvaartadres 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FOrganisaties&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beurtvaartadres.nl%2F
desc:	SamenwerkingverbandvandestichtingVervoeradres,stichtingArbitrageenLogistiekenstichtingUTC.Doelishetbijstaaneninformerenvanverladersenvervoerders.

title:	eLogistics Trendwatch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elogistics-trendwatch.com%2F
desc:	Aninternetweblogservicewhichprovidesnewsinlogisticsandsupplychainmanagement.

title:	Inbound Logistics Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inboundlogistics.com%2F
desc:	Freeeducationalresourcecoveringthelatestnewsandcasehistoriesin:inventoryreduction,logisticsmanagement,logisticsinformationtechnology,andtransportationmanagement.

title:	Logistics Manager 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.logisticsmanager.com%2F
desc:	MonthlymagazineformanagersinchargeofthesupplychainofUKindustrial,retailandcommercialorganisations.

title:	Mass Transit Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.masstransitmag.com%2F
desc:	Magazineservingthepublictransportationindustry.

title:	Operations and Fulfillment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmultichannelmerchant.com%2Fopsandfulfillment%2F
desc:	Providessolutionstoorderfulfillmentchallenges.Offersadviceonissuessuchasevaluatingwarehouseequipment,improvingorderpickingefficiency,hiringandtraining,choosingshipping,anddataentry.

title:	Payload Asia Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.payloadasia.com%2F
desc:	Coversthesurface-andair-freightindustriesservingtheAsia-PacificandMiddleEast.Newsupdates,reports,articlesofcompanies,tradeconferencesandexhibitions.

title:	Topix: Logistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topix.com%2Frss%2Fbusiness%2Flogistics.xml
desc:	Newsaboutthelogisticsindustry,collectedfromvarioussourcesontheweb.

title:	Topix: Logistics News 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topix.com%2Fbusiness%2Flogistics
desc:	Newsonthelogisticsindustryfromsourcesaroundthenet.

title:	Topix: Transportation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.topix.com%2Frss%2Fbusiness%2Ftransportation.xml
desc:	Newsaboutthetransportationindustry,collectedfromvarioussourcesontheweb.

title:	TransWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftransweb.sjsu.edu%2F
desc:	TransportationnewslinksfromofMinetaTransportationInstitute.Journals,newsletters.

title:	World Highways 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FNews_and_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldhighways.com%2F
desc:	Industrymagazineforroaddesign,construction,financing,planningandmanagement.

title:	Association for Postal Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpostcom.org%2F
desc:	Nationalassociationofbusinessesandorganizationsthatuseorsupporttheuseofmailasamediumforbusinesscommunicationandcommerce.

title:	Canadian Transportation Agency (CTA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cta-otc.gc.ca%2F
desc:	Missionistoadministertransportationlegislationandgovernmentpoliciestohelpachieveanefficientandaccessibletransportationsystemsbyeducation,consultationandessentialregulation.

title:	Dangerous Goods Advisory Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dgac.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationdevotedtopromotingsafetyinthenationalandinternationaltransportationofdangerousgoods.BasedinWashingtonDC.

title:	International Transportation Management Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fitma-houston.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationfocusingonissuesrelatingtothetransportationindustry,addressingseveralaspectsoftransportation.

title:	Northern Virginia Transportation Commission 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAssociations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thinkoutsidethecar.org%2F
desc:	Establishedtomanageandcontrolthefunctions,affairs,andpropertyoftheNorthernVirginiaTransportationDistrict.

title:	Bace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FCursussen_en_Opleidingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bace.nl%2F
desc:	Verzorgttrainingen,cursussenenrijopleidingenvoordetransportsector.

title:	BLOM Opleidingen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FCursussen_en_Opleidingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blomopleidingen.nl%2F
desc:	Veelzijdigaanbodincursussenophetgebiedvaninterntransport,veiligwerkenmethijsmiddelen,veiligheidenlogistiek.

title:	TrafficWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FCursussen_en_Opleidingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.directiechauffeursopleiding.nl%2F
desc:	Onlineverkeerseducatievoordirectiechauffeurs.

title:	Transportopleidingen Zuid Nederland BV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FCursussen_en_Opleidingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tzn-venlo.nl%2F
desc:	SamenwerkingsverbandvandeVerkeersscholenJanChristisenRuudRutten.Biedto.a.opleidingenvoorvrachtwagenchauffeurs.

title:	Verkeersschool Trilling 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FCursussen_en_Opleidingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verkeersschooltrilling.nl%2F
desc:	Opleidingenvoorbus-envrachwagenchauffeursenvoorhetrijdenmeteenaanhangwagen.GevestigdinAmsterdam.

title:	VTL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FCursussen_en_Opleidingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vtl.nl%2F
desc:	Gespecialiseerdopleidingsinstituutvoorpraktijkgerichtecursussenendiversewerkendlerenopleidingenindesectortransportenlogistiek.

title:	ATC Cargo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FPolski%2FBiznes%2FLogistyka_i_transport&url=http%3A%2F%2Fatc-cargo.pl%2F
desc:	Operatorlogistyczny.Transportmorski,kolejowyilotniczy.

title:	Inspectie Verkeer en Waterstaat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ivw.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverregelsenvergunningenvantransportdiensten.

title:	Let's Go 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.letsgo.be%2F
desc:	Overzichtvandebelangrijksteberoepenbinnendetransportsector.Bijelkberoepiseenoverzichtvandebijbehorendeopleiding.

title:	Accelerator AS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FN%C3%A6ringsliv%2FTransport_og_logistikk&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accelerator.no%2F
desc:	Outsourcing-firmafortransportoglogistikk.

title:	Commercial Diving Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.commercialdivingacademy.com%2F
desc:	Preparesclientsforprofessionalunderwaterwork,commercialdiver,underwaterwelder,divemedic.Trainingunderwaterconstruction,searchandrecovery,non-destructivetesting,inlanddiving,andROVs.

title:	H Scientific Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.h-scientific.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offerscomputer-basedsimulationpilottrainingforROVsandAUVs.Featurescompanyprofile,news,products,labfacilities,anddownloadableapplications.[Waterlooville,England,UK]

title:	IDESS Maritime Training Centres 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idess.com%2F
desc:	Independentorganisationprovidingtrainingservicestothemaritimeandoffshoreindustries.OperatesaqualitymanagementsystemwhichcomplieswiththeDNVrulesforClassificationOfMaritimeTrainingCentresandforClassificationOfMaritimeSimulatorCentres-astandardwhichsupportstherequirementsandintentionsoftheISMCodeandSTCW'95.

title:	John Sabella & Associates, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnsabella.com%2F
desc:	Instructionalvideotapeformarineindustrythatfocusesonfourcriticalstepsiffireisdiscoveredaboardavesselatsea:alarm,rescue,extinguish,andcontain.

title:	Marine Safety International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marinesafety.com%2F
desc:	Aprivatesectorcompanythatprovidessimulatorbasedtrainingandportimprovementstudiestothemarineindustry-trainingcarriedoutatlocationsinEuropeandU.S.A.

title:	The Mariners Annual 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marinersannual.com%2F
desc:	Orderingguideusedbyvariousmarinecompaniesaroundtheworld.

title:	Maritime Training Services Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritimetraining.com%2F
desc:	Produceanddistributehighqualitycrewtrainingmaterials,includingvideotapesaboutkeysafetyandregulatoryissuesfacingthemaritimeindustry.

title:	Marlins 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marlins.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidesEnglishlanguageassessmentandtrainingsolutionsfortheshippingindustry.TheMarlinsTestensuresnocrewsareoperatingatseawithouttheminimumnumberofeffectiveEnglishspeakersonboard.

title:	Moxie Media, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moxietraining.com%2F
desc:	Trainingsafetyvideos,interactiveCDROMSandwebbasedtrainingforOSHA,maritime,oil,gasandconstructioncomplianceindustries.

title:	MTCS Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtcsuk.com%2F
desc:	OffersROVoperationalandtechnicalcertification.Featurescompanyprofile,coursecatalog,andtrainingcompetencies.[Cumbria,England,UnitedKingdom]

title:	The Underwater Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FMaritime%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theunderwatercentre.co.uk%2F
desc:	Trainingproviderforunderwatersafety,divingandROVcertification.Featurecompanyfacilitiesandcareerprofiles,coursesyllabus,andnews.[FortWilliam,Scotland,UK]

title:	AGS-Airline Ground Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agschools.com%2F
desc:	Groundschoolforaircraftdispatchers,airlinetransportpilot,CFI,FE,andCockpitResourceManagement.

title:	Airline Flight Dispatcher Training Center Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airlinedispatcher.com%2F
desc:	ProvidestrainingfortheFAAAircraftDispatcherLicensecertification.Detailsofcoursedetail,datesandschoolhistory.Includesinformationonaccommodation,staffandemployment.Catersforinternationalstudents.

title:	Alpha Aviation Missionary Outreach Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alphaaviation.org%2F
desc:	Missionarytrainingandsupportcenterforpilotandaviationmechanictrainingandcertification.

title:	Arizona Flight Training Workgroup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aftw.org%2F
desc:	OrganizationformedtoaddressflyingsafetyconcernsinArizona.Meetingdetails,membershipanddecisions.

title:	ATP Flight School: Airline Pilot Training & Pilot Career Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atpflightschool.com%2F
desc:	Acceleratedmulti-engineflighttrainingat25flightschoolsnationwide.ATPAirlineTrainingProgramspreparestudentsforairlinepilotcareerswithanemphasisonnationwideflyingexperienceinmulti-engineaircraft.

title:	Aviation Institute of Maintenance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviationmaintenance.edu%2F
desc:	HeadquarteredinNorfolk,Virginia,agroupofschoolspreparingstudentsforaviationairframeandpowerplantmaintenancelicensing.

title:	Aviation Personnel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avpers.com%2F
desc:	Providestrainingcoursesforairlinemanagementinordertoenhanceservicedeliverystandardsandimpactprofitability.Detailsofcoursesandreferrals.

title:	Aviation Schools Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviationschoolsonline.com%2F
desc:	OffersprospectivepilotsandtechniciansadirectoryofFAAapprovedflightschools,aviationmaintenancetechnicianschools,andhelicoptertrainingschools.

title:	Aviation Training Directory of ICAO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icao.int%2Ftd%2F
desc:	Over260traininginstitutionsworldwide-coveringallfieldsofcivilaviationtraining-arelistedinthisdirectory.Itisasearchabledatabasecontainingcontactandcoursedetails

title:	Aviation Training International Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atil.co.uk%2F
desc:	TrainingtheBritishArmyintheuseoftheApacheAH1AttackHelicopter.

title:	Bureau of Dangerous Goods, Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bureaudg.com%2F
desc:	Specializeintrainingandsoftwareforthesafehandlingandtransportationofdangerousgoodsbyair.

title:	The CFI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thecfi.com%2F
desc:	Siteprovidinglinksandresourcesforflyinginstructors.

title:	Corporate Flight Attendant Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corporateflightattendanttraining.com%2F
desc:	Providesatrainingprogramforcorporateflightattendants.Dates,syllabusandtestimonials.

title:	Daniel Webster College: Nashua HN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dwc.edu%2F
desc:	TheAviationDivisionoftheCollegeoffersbachelorandassociatedegreeprogramsdesignedtoprovidetheknowledgeandskillsimportanttoacareerasanaviationprofessional.

title:	Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erau.edu%2F
desc:	Embry-RiddleAeronauticalUniversityisanindependent,non-sectarian,non-profit,coeducationaluniversitywithahistorydatingbacktotheearlydaysofaviation.

title:	English for Aviation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviation-esl.com%2F
desc:	LanguagetrainingforpilotsandmechanicswhoneedtoimprovetheirknowledgeofaviationEnglish.

title:	FAA Academy Homepage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.faa.gov%2Fabout%2Foffice_org%2Fheadquarters_offices%2Farc%2Fprograms%2Facademy%2F
desc:	AtouroftheFAAAcademy'sorganizationandcampusforairwayfacilities,airtraffic,regulatorystandards,airportsandlogistics,aviationsecurity,internationalanddistancelearningprograms.

title:	Global Air Training Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalairtraining.com%2F
desc:	InitialandrecurrenttrainingofpilotsandcabincrewincludingCRM,safetyandemergencyprocedures,survivalandaviation,aviationsecurity,andfirstaid.

title:	IAC Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iactraining.com%2F
desc:	ProvidingFAAmandatedcargosecuritytrainingtotheIndirectAirCarrierindustry.

title:	ICare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icare.fr%2F
desc:	Flighttrainingcenterforpilot,flightattendantsandaircraftgroundengineers.Detailsofcourses,accommodationandcustomers.

title:	Inflight Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inflightinstitute.com%2F
desc:	Offeringstudentswhowishtobecomeflightattendants/CabinCrewanonlinetrainingrecourse.Servicesarealsoprovideddirectlytoairlines.

title:	InFlight Review, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inflightreview.com%2F
desc:	Offersselectionofflighttrainingcd-romsforKingandPiperaircraft.

title:	Integrated Team Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviationteamwork.com%2F
desc:	ProvidingcompleteCRMtrainingsolutions.

title:	Inustitut Aeronautique et Spatial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inst-aero-spatial.org%2F
desc:	TheFrenchAerospaceIndustryCooperationAgencyforInternationalEducation.AeronauticseducationandscientifictrainingforofficersjoiningtheFrenchFlightTestAcademy.Bilingualsite.

title:	King Schools Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kingschools.com%2F
desc:	Aviationinstructionalvideos,FAAKnowledgeTestpreparationsoftware.

title:	Licence by Post 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.licencebypost.com%2F
desc:	DistancelearningprogrammesfortheUKCivilAviationAuthorityLicencewithouttyperatingsforaircraftengineers,bothBCARandEuropeanJAR.Providesdetailsofcoursesavailableandpersonaldetailsoftutors.Onlinefacilityfororderingmaterials.

title:	Mt San Antonio College Aeronautics & Transportation: Walnut, CA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Faeronautics.mtsac.edu%2F
desc:	LargestAssociateofScienceaeronauticsdegreeprograminCalifornia.On-campusB.S.aviationdegreethroughSouthernIllinoisUniversity.FAApartnershipagreementforthetrainingofairtrafficcontrollers

title:	Pro Aviation Safety Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.proaviation.ca%2F
desc:	Providessafetytrainingincludinghelicopter/aircraftditching,underwateregressandseasurvivalcourses.Detailsofcourses,backgroundinformationandtuitionschedule.

title:	Purdue University: West Lafayette, IN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tech.purdue.edu%2Fat%2F
desc:	Technologystudentsarepreparedforpositionsinthreefieldsofaviation:aeronauticaltechnology,aviationadministrationtechnology,andflighttechnology

title:	Savi Approach 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fsaviapproach%2F
desc:	Offersprovenproceduresprovidingheadsupdisplayadvantages;increasedsafety;andimprovedpilotskills(bothinstrumentandvisual).

title:	Sheffield School of Aeronautics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sheffield.com%2F
desc:	AircraftdispatchertrainingfromthisschoolinFlorida.

title:	Survival Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.survivalsystemsgroup.com%2F
desc:	Specializinginaviationandmarinesafetyandsurvivaltraining.Coursesoffered,contactform,linkstoothercompaniesandequipmentvendors.

title:	Take Flight Video Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.takeflightvideo.com%2F
desc:	Makesdemonstrativevideosofaircraftforpilots.

title:	Western Australian Aviation College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waaviationcollege.com.au%2F
desc:	AviationCollege,conductsAdvancedDiplomainAviation.RegisteredTrainingOrganisation(RTO)deliveringNationallyRecognisedTraining.CoursesareAccreditedbyDeptofTrainingAccreditationCouncil.

title:	Aero Eelde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aeroeelde.nl%2F
desc:	Verzorgtrondvluchten,reclamevluchtenofproeflessen.

title:	Aero Service Ameland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ameland-rondvluchten.nl%2F
desc:	Verzorgtvlieglessen,rondvluchten,luchtreclame,luchtfotografieenparachutespringenopenrondAmeland.

title:	Aircargo.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aircargo.nl%2F
desc:	Luchtvrachtexpediteurgespecialiseerdinluchtvrachtvanbloemenenplanten.

title:	Airport Desk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.airportdesk.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoververschillendevliegvelden.

title:	Atc-comm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atc-comm.com%2F
desc:	Gespecialiseerdinluchtvaartcommuncatie.Verzochtooktrainingenvoorradiotelefonie,vliegersenluchtverkeersleiders.

title:	AviationAudits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aviationaudits.nl%2F
desc:	Consultancydienstenvoordeluchtvaartsector.

title:	Ben Air Flight Academy (BAFA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bafa.be%2F
desc:	Vliegschoolvoorzowellijn-,beroeps-alsprivaatpilotenvanafdeinternationaleluchthavenAntwerpen.

title:	Brucargo Air Freight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brucargoairfreight.be%2F
desc:	Luchtvrachtexpediteur.

title:	Chapman Freeborn Airmarketing BV 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chapman-freeborn.com%2F
desc:	Eenvandegrootstechartervluchtspecialistenterwereld.

title:	Dutch Helicopter Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helikopter.nl%2F
desc:	OverzichtvanallehelikopterbedrijveninNederland.Informatieoverregels,tarievenenmogelijkheden.

title:	Frontier 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frontier.nl%2F
desc:	Overzichtvansoftwareapplicatiesvoordeluchtvaart.Analyse,prognose,workflowenrapportagehulpmiddelenopgebiedvanveiligheid,efficiencyengeluid.

title:	Global Aviation Support 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalaviation.nl%2F
desc:	Makelaarinvliegtuigcharters.Meteenonlineoverzichtvandebeschikbarevliegtuigenenhelikopters.

title:	Helihaven, Lukkien Ede 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helihaven.com%2F
desc:	Viafoto'senvideo'sisdeontwikkelingvanhethelicopterplatformvandefirmaLukkientevolgen.

title:	Heliholland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heliholland.nl%2F
desc:	Biedtverschillendevormenvanluchttransport,enopleidingen,metinformatieoverspecialetoepassingeneneriseennieuwsbrief.

title:	Holland Aviation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hollandaviation.nl%2F
desc:	Gespecialiseerdindefabricagevanwindzakken,windzakinstallaties,obstakelverlichting,helihavenverlichtingentekensenbebakeningvoorvliegveldenenluchthavens.

title:	Holsbeekx, Dries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdriesh.skynetblogs.be%2F
desc:	DriesschrijftopdezeweblogoverzijnopleidingtotlijnpilootbijBafa.

title:	Nederlandse Vereniging voor Luchtvaarttechniek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nvvl.org%2F
desc:	Verenigingvoorpersonendiewerkzaamzijnindelucht-enruimtevaartsector.Organiseertlezingenencongressen.

title:	Pilootopleiding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pilootopleiding.nl%2F
desc:	VergelijktvliegscholendieATPLvliegopleiding,PPLvliegopleiding,CPLvliegopleidinggeven.Ookoverzichtvanbanenvoorpilotenenvoorfirstofficer(co-piloot).

title:	S-P-S Schiphol Speciale producten 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTransport_en_Logistiek%2FLuchtvaart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.s-p-s.aero%2F
desc:	Productie,innovatie,onderhoudenleveringvanhulpmaterialen(onlineoverzicht)voordeluchtvaartenluchtvrachtindustrie.

title:	A-1 Truck Driving School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.a-1truckschool.com%2F
desc:	PreparetobecomeprofessionalinaslittletwoweeksforClassAandBCDL(commercialdriverlicense).

title:	Alabama Drivers Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.truckdrivertraining.com%2F
desc:	Operatestwotrainingfacilitiesfortruckdrivertraining.

title:	All State Career 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allstatecareer.edu%2F
desc:	Provides3accreditedtruckdrivingschoolsinPennsylvaniaandMaryland.Alsooffersemploymentassistancethroughoutcareer.

title:	America's Driving Force 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americasdrivingforce.com%2F
desc:	CommercialdriverclassroomprogramsfocusonallDOTrequirementsfordriverandequipmentmanagement.OffersrangecourseandbasiccontrolskillsinGeorgia.

title:	Associated Training Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.operator-school.com%2F
desc:	Truckdriverandheavyequipmentoperatortrainingschoolwithcommercialdriverlicensetesting,financialaid,housing,andjobplacement.IncludeslistofofficesintheUS.

title:	Big Rig Truck Driving School Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigrigtds.com%2F
desc:	TruckdrivingschoolinCanton,Oh.offerstuitionassistanceorreimbursementandjobplacement.

title:	California Truck Driving Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctdanow.com%2F
desc:	ThemissionofCTDAistoprovideprofessionaltruckdrivertrainingandjobplacementassistanceforitsgraduates.

title:	CCS Truck Driving School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fccssemi.com%2F
desc:	OfferingatruckdrivertrainingprogramauthorizedbytheTennesseeHigherEducationCommissiontoindividualswishingtoobtainaTennesseeClassACDLwithHaz-Mat/Combinationendorsements.

title:	CDL Career Now 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdlcareernow.com%2F
desc:	WorkswithCDLschoolsthroughouttheUnitedStatesandcanconnectanyoneinterestedinCDLwithatrainingcourse.

title:	Central Tech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tdt-ok.com%2F
desc:	TruckdrivertrainingschoolinOklahomathatutilizesclassroom,rangeandhighwayinstruction.

title:	Check Ride Truck Driver Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.check-ride.com%2F
desc:	Offerstrainingprogramswithemphasisoncommonsenseapproachtotruckdrivingandsafetyissues.BasedinWoodinville,WA.

title:	Commercial Driver Training Consultants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdltraining.com%2F
desc:	OffersCDLtrainingandjobplacementofcommercialtruckdrivers.BasedinIndianapolis,Indiana

title:	Commercial Driver Training, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdtschool.com%2F
desc:	Aprivatevocationalschoolofferingcoursesincommercialdriving.

title:	CoverLoads.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coverloads.com%2F
desc:	Adispatchertrainingprogramforpeopleinterestedinlearningtodispatchfortruckingcompaniesfromtheirhomeorsmalloffice.

title:	Crist CDL Training Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cristcdl.com%2F
desc:	CommercialDriversLicenseschool.Qualified"A"and"B"instructors.Truck,tractortrailercombination,passenger,andschoolbusdrivertraining,writtentestpreparation.LocatedinOhio.

title:	Diesel Driving Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dda.edu%2F
desc:	EstablishedinLouisianaforthepurposeoftestingandtrainingmenandwomentoenterthetruckingindustryastruckdrivers.

title:	Driver Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgreatcdltraining.com%2F
desc:	Thissitepairstruckingcompaniesneedingtohirenewtruckdriverswithjobapplicantsreadytoattendacompany-paidCDLtrainingprogram.

title:	EGears Online Truck Driver Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.e-gears.com%2F
desc:	OnlinetruckdrivingschoolofferinginteractiveCDLtrainingfortheCDLpermitandCDLpre-tripinspectiontests.

title:	Freight Movers School, LLC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=https%3A%2F%2Ffreightmoversschool.com%2F
desc:	Offeringfreightbrokertrainingandfreightagenttraining.In-classroomandonlineclasses.CoursestaughtinTexasandGeorgia.

title:	IDriveTrucks Online CDL Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idrivetrucks.com%2F
desc:	ThissiteoffersonlinecoursestohelpyoupassthecdltestandthedrivingskillstestaswellasLCVandFMCSAtraining.

title:	International Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.internationalschools.com%2F
desc:	OffershandsonexperienceandclassroominstructiontotrainstudentsfortheCDLexam.IncludeslistoflocationsintheUS.

title:	JTL Truck Driver Training Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jtltruckdrivertraining.com%2F
desc:	OffersClassAtruckdrivertraining,refreshercoursesandCDLtestinginOmaha,Nebraska.

title:	Katlaw Driving Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.katlaw.com%2F
desc:	Georgia-baseddrivingschoolprovidingClassAandBCDLTraining.Classesstartweekly.

title:	Macquarie Driving School Pty. Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macquariedrivingschool.com.au%2F
desc:	OperatesavehicledrivertrainingschoolinSydney.

title:	Napier Truck Driver Training Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.napiertruck.com%2F
desc:	OfferstruckdrivertrainingprograminsouthernOhioleadingtoCDLforcommercialtruckdrivers.

title:	National Truck Drivers School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.truckschool.com%2F
desc:	AnaccreditedcommercialtruckdrivingschoollocatedinFlorida.

title:	New England Tractor Trailer Training School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nettts.com%2F
desc:	ProvidescoursesintheirthreeNewEnglandlocations.

title:	Northeast Technical Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drivetruck.com%2F
desc:	ProvidestruckdrivertrainingandjobplacementassistanceforstudentsinnorthernNewEngland.

title:	Parker Professional Driving School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parkercdl.com%2F
desc:	OffersCDLtrainingforbothclassAandBlicenses.LocatedinAvon,MA.

title:	PIA Truck Driver Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trucker.org%2F
desc:	Truckdrivertrainingschool,providesCDLtrainingatlocationsinPennsylvania,WestVirginiaandOhio.

title:	Pre-Trip.Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pre-trip.net%2F
desc:	ThisisastudyguidesitefortheclassACDLtest.Itsfocusisproperidentificationofcomponents,andexaminationofallrequireditemsonthepretripinspectionpartofthetest.

title:	Professional CDL Training Institute, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.procdl.net%2F
desc:	Learntodriveasemi-truckandprepareforthecommercialdriverslicense(CDL)examinSoutheasternWisconsin.

title:	Rathburn Enterprises Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reicdl.com%2F
desc:	A
thirdpartyCDLtestingfacilityfortheStateofOhiosince1991.

title:	Roadmaster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roadmaster.com%2F
desc:	Preparesstudentsforacareerintruckdriving.

title:	Roehl Driver Training Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goroehl.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesclassroomandfieldinstructionnecessaryforCDLinWisconsin.

title:	Safe Transportation Training Specialists 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.safetransportation.com%2F
desc:	Offerstrainingservicesfortheemergencyresponsecommunityandthetransportationindustry.Specializesinprovidingtanktruckemergencyresponseworkshops.

title:	Sage Technical Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sageschools.com%2F
desc:	NationwideaccreditedtruckdrivingschoolsofferCDLtesttrainingandentryleveltruckingjobsplacement.

title:	Southern Missouri Truck Driving School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smtds.com%2F
desc:	Detailsonhowtoapply.Photographsoffacilities,classschedule,jobplacementscheme,onlineapplicationform.

title:	TDDS Professional Training Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tdds.edu%2F
desc:	Offerstrainingfordieseltechnicians,truckdrivers,andclients'employees.Expertconsultingonavarietyofprofessionaldrivingneeds.LocatedinLakeMilton,Ohio.

title:	Trainco Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.traincoinc.com%2F
desc:	Offersvocationaltrainingandplacementservicesforstudentsinterestedinacareerintruckdriving.BasedinMichigan.

title:	Transportation Center for Excellence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tce4cdl.com%2F
desc:	PreparesstudentsforClassACDLtest.Customclasses,refreshercoursesavailable.Descriptionofprograms,jobplacementassistance,financingoptions.EaganandSt.Cloud,Minnesota.

title:	Tri-County Truck Driver Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tri-countytruck.com%2F
desc:	CanadianschoolprovidesprofessionaltrainingforthoseinterestedinobtainingtheirAZorDZlicense.Courseoffersuniquecombinationofin-class,in-vehicleandskidschoollessons.

title:	United Tractor Trailer School Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unitedcdl.com%2F
desc:	OffersclassAorBtruckdrivertrainingtoqualifiedCDLapplicants.

title:	West Coast Training Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heavyequipmenttraining.com%2F
desc:	Providesaccreditedtrainingforheavyequipmentandcraneoperatorsandriggers.AlsooffersaCDLClassAdumptruckdrivingschoolandHazmatcertificationtraining.

title:	Western Pacific Truck School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wptruckschool.com%2F
desc:	Providestruckdrivertrainingbyteamofprofessionalinstructors.IncludeslistofschoolslocatedinCaliforniaandWashington.

title:	Western Pacific Truck School of Oregon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_States&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wptruckschooloforegon.com%2F
desc:	Offerscertified,over-the-roadandclassroominstructiontostudentsseekingtrainingasanentryleveltruckdrivers.

title:	Crosspoint Professional Driving 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lorrydrivertraining.co.uk%2F
desc:	SteveRobertson,registeredLGVdrivinginstructor,providescategoryCandC+Etrainingforlorrydrivers.LocatedinExeter,Devon.

title:	HGV and PCV Driver Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tockwithtraining.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidesHGVandPCVdrivertrainingforthenorthofEnglandusingDSAregisteredinstructorsandVolvotrucks.

title:	Independent Training Standards Scheme and Register 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itssar.org.uk%2F
desc:	ITSSARisanonprofitBritishorganisationthatoffersaccreditationandmonitoringoftrucktraininginstructors.

title:	Kent Metro Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kentmetroltd.co.uk%2F
desc:	SpecializesinalltypesofdrivertrainingintheUK.Includeslistofcoursesavailable.

title:	MDM Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdmtraining.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesawidevarietyoftrainingcoursesforvehicleoperatorsintheUK.

title:	Tyneside Training Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tynesidetrainingservices.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providestrainingcoursesforgoodsvehicles,trailerandarticulatedvehicles,forklifttrucks,andcarriageofdangerousgoods.BasedinNewcastleOnTyne.

title:	Nationwide Transport Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationwidetraining.com.au%2F
desc:	Providescoursesforthetransportanddistributionindustryincludingforklift,dangerousgoods,loadrestraint,transportandlogisticsandsafetytraining.BasedinPerthWesternAustralia.

title:	Tranznet Association Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tranznet.com.au%2F
desc:	AnonprofitorganizationformedtoallowtransporttrainingprofessionalstoexchangeviewsandevaluatenewinitiativesaffecttransportanddistributioninAustraliaandNewZealand.

title:	5th Wheel Training Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.5thwheeltraining.com%2F
desc:	ProvidestruckdrivingandheavyequipmentoperatortraininginNewLiskeard,Ontario.

title:	Capilano Truck Driver Training Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.capilanotrucktraining.com%2F
desc:	Offersclassroomandin-trucktrainingprogramsdesignedtoassiststudentsinobtainingClass1to3licenseinEdmonton,Alberta.

title:	Danbro Truck Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.danbro-training.com%2F
desc:	ProvidestrainingforclassAlicence.BasedinCanada.

title:	FreinMeister Group Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freinmeister.com%2F
desc:	Airbraketrainingandrefreshercoursesforsmallgroupsofmechanicsintheprivate,public,andmunicipaltruckingsectors.

title:	Metro Truck Driving School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metrotrucktraining.com%2F
desc:	Preparesstudentstoobtainlicensesfordrivingtrucksandbuses.BasedinCanada.

title:	North American Transport Driving Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nadrivers.com%2F
desc:	Providestractortrailerinstructionandon-sitepersonnelservices.LocatedinKingston,ON.

title:	Ontario Truck Training Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.otta.ca%2F
desc:	Trainsdriversprofessionallyforthetruckingindustry.

title:	Transportation Business Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FProducts_and_Services&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tbabz.com%2F
desc:	Offersbasicbusinessplanningandtrainingworkshopsforthesmallfleetandtruckingindustry.

title:	Truck Driver Training School Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.truckschoolsusa.com%2F
desc:	AguidetoCDLtruckdrivertrainingandalistofdrivingschools.

title:	Trucking Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FTrucking%2FEducation_and_Training%2FDirectories&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.besttruckingschools.com%2F
desc:	Guidelistsover500truckdrivingschoolsacrosstheUSA.

title:	Atlanta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2F%C3%8Dslenska%2FVi%C3%B0skipti%2FFlutningafyrirt%C3%A6ki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atlanta.is%2F
desc:	

title:	AeroTransport Data Bank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aerotransport.org%2F
desc:	Paidsubscriptionsiteprovidesinformationonallairlinesandtransportaircraftoperators,worldwide,withhistoryonaircraftandairports.

title:	FlightAware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fflightaware.com%2F
desc:	Offerslivetrackingmaps,flightstatus,andairportdelaysforairlineflights,andprivate,generalaviationflights.Includespilotplanningresourcesanddiscussions.

title:	FlightStats 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flightstats.com%2F
desc:	Real-timeflightstatusandhistoricalflightdelayinformation.

title:	Globalair.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalair.com%2F
desc:	Aviationlinks,discussionforums,classifiedsandairportreportdatabase.

title:	JetOffsets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jetoffsets.com%2F
desc:	Providescarbonoffsetstotheaviationcommunity.Companyprofile,howtheschemeworks,verificationprocess,andcontactdetails.

title:	Professional Pilots Rumor Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics%2FAviation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pprune.com%2F
desc:	Discussionforumcoveringmostaspectsofaviation.

title:	Ahlers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ahlers.com%2F
desc:	InternationallogisticandmaritimeserviceproviderwithofficesandwarehousesinAsia,CISandEurope.HeadquarteredintheportofAntwerp,Belgium.

title:	Amerijet International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amerijet.com%2F
desc:	Globalcargotransportationservicesbyland,sea,andair.

title:	Estes Express Lines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.estes-express.com%2F
desc:	Offersafullspectrumofshippingandsupplychainmanagementservices.

title:	FirstGroup plc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.firstgroup.com%2F
desc:	TransportoperatorofferingtrainandbusservicesthroughouttheUKandNorthAmerica.

title:	Fleetbrowser.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fleetbrowser.com%2F
desc:	Providesresourcesonthecommercialvehicle,transportandlogisticsindustry.

title:	Harmer E. Davis Transportation Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Flibrary.its.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	LibraryoftheInstituteofTransportationStudiesattheUniversityofCalifornia,Berkeley.

title:	MyYellow.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myyellow.com%2F
desc:	Providestransportationandlogisticstoolsandservices.

title:	The National Transportation Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTransportation_and_Logistics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fntl.bts.gov%2F
desc:	ProvidesonlineaccesstodocumentsanddatabasescoveringallaspectsoftransportationintheUS.Materialcomesfrompublicandprivateorganizationsandaccessisfree.

title:	Adriatic Queen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FHrvatski%2FPoslovanje%2FTransport_i_logistika&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adriatic-queen.hr%2F
desc:	KrstarenjeJadranomjedrenjakom.Obrodu,rute,sportizabava.

title:	Angkara Pura II (Persero), PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angkasapura2.co.id%2F
desc:	PengelolabandarainternasionalSoekarnoHattadanbandaralainnyadiIndonesia.Terdapatdaftarpenerbangandanjadwal,informasiberbagaifasilitasdanberita.

title:	Angkasa Pura I (Persero), PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angkasapura1.co.id%2F
desc:	PengelolabandarudaraNgurahRai,Polonia,Juanda,danbandaralainnya.Terdapatprofilperusahaan,informasikegiatanusaha,galerifoto,danberita.

title:	Asosiasi Pilot Garuda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fapg.or.id%2F
desc:	GabunganparapilotmaskapaipenerbanganGarudaIndonesia.Menyediakaninformasidanberitamengenaikegiatan,dangalerifoto.

title:	Bhanda Ghara Reksa, PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bgrindonesia.com%2F
desc:	BUMNdenganmisidibidangekonomidanpembangunan,khususnyadibidangjasapersewaandanpengelolaanruangansertapengurusantransportasi.Berisidaftarlayanan,fasilitas,danprofilperusahaan.

title:	Dardela Yasa Guna, PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dardela.com%2F
desc:	Perusahaanjasakonsultandibidangtransportasikhususnyakeretaapi(KA)danangkutanpenyeberangan(ASDP).Berisiprofilperusahaan,referensiteknis,danartikel.

title:	Express Transindo Utama, PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.expressgroup.co.id%2F
desc:	Perusahaanpengeloladanjasataksi.Berisiinformasilayanandanfasilitas,sertadaftarkantorcabang.

title:	Gaido Express & Logistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gaido.co.id%2F
desc:	Perusahaanjasakurirtujuandomestikdaninternasional.Terdapatdaftarlayanan,profildansejarahperusahaan,sertaberitaterbaru.

title:	Gavia Ekspres, PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ged.co.id%2F
desc:	Jasapengirimanbarangmelaluilautdanudara.Berisiinformasilayanan,sistimpelacakanbarang,tarif,danberita.

title:	H&M-GLX company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gse.hmglx.com%2F
desc:	Perusahanpenyalurperalatangroundsupportequipmentuntukperusahaanpenerbangan.Berisiinformasiprodukdanlayanan.

title:	Jasa Marga (Persero) Tbk., PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jasamarga.com%2Findex.php%3Flang%3Did
desc:	Perusahaanpengelolajalantol.Berisiberitaterbaru,pengumumantender,daninformasijalantol.

title:	Karya Marga 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karyamarga.com%2F
desc:	PerusahaanpengangkutanbarangyangberkedudukandiProbolinggo,danmelayaniseluruhPulauJawa.Terdapatinformasiarmadadanalamatkontak.

title:	Mandala Samudra Trans, PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mst-logs.com%2Fid%2F
desc:	Perusahaanlogistikdantransportasikontainer.BerisiinformasilayanandandaftarkantorcabangdiSingapuradanIndonesia.

title:	PCP Indonesia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pcp-indonesia.com%2F
desc:	Jasakurirdaratdanudara,sertatujuaninternasional.Berisiinformasijenislayanan,daftarpelanggan,kantorcabang,tarif,danprofilperusahaan.

title:	Qumicon Indonesia, PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qumicon.com%2F
desc:	Perusahaandibidangperalatantransportasidarat,khususnyapengadaanrambu-rambudankelengkapanlalu-lintas.Terdapatinformasiprodukdanlayanan.

title:	Sumber Cahaya Hidup, PT. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FBisnis%2FTransportasi_dan_Logistik&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sumbercahayahidup.com%2F
desc:	Menawarkanlayananekspedisiinternationallewatlautdanudara.Terdapatprofildandaftarpelanggan.

title:	A. Morfini e Figli S.n.c. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FAffari%2FTrasporti_e_Logistica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morfini.it%2F
desc:	[Bari]Descrizionedeivariservizisvoltidall'agenziadiviaggi,marittima,doganaleemerci.

title:	ABC-Transports.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FAffari%2FTrasporti_e_Logistica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abc-transportsweb.net%2F
desc:	Bancadaticontenenteinominativideglioperatorideitrasporti,divisiinvarimodiperlaricercaimmediata,qualimarittimi,aerei,sustradaeferrovia,nazionaliedinternazionali.

title:	Aermar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FAffari%2FTrasporti_e_Logistica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aermar.com%2F
desc:	[Bari]Offreserviziditrasportointernazionali,aerei,marittimieterrestri:presentaicontainerelerelativetariffe.

title:	Aerologistik S.r.l. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FAffari%2FTrasporti_e_Logistica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aerologistik.it%2F
desc:	Sioccupadispedizioniegestiscemagazzinipercontoterzi,dall'ordinedelmaterialeall'imballaggio.IllustralesedidiVerona,Milano,Bolognaeiservizi.

title:	ANEF 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FAffari%2FTrasporti_e_Logistica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anef.it%2F
desc:	AssociazioneNazionaleEsercentiFuniviari:informazionisull'associazione,statistiche,situazionemeteoeneve,linkasiticorrelati.Inoltre,areariservataagliassociati.

title:	Assologistica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FAffari%2FTrasporti_e_Logistica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.assologistica.it%2F
desc:	[Milano]Organizzazionedicategoriacheraggruppaimpresenelsettoredellalogistica.Presentagliobiettivi,lenotizieeiservizi.

title:	Archiwum Emigracji 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FPolski%2FNauka_i_edukacja%2FHistoria%2FArchiwa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bu.uni.torun.pl%2FArchiwum_Emigracji%2F
desc:	Informacjeozasobie,galeriasztukiemigracyjnej,indeksnazwisk.

title:	UNESCO Archives Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fportal.unesco.org%2Fci%2Fen%2Fev.php-URL_ID%3D5761%26URL_DO%3DDO_TOPIC%26URL_SECTION%3D201.html
desc:	Directoryofarchivesworldwideandresourcesrelatedtorecordsandarchivesmanagementandtointernationalco-operationinthisarea.

title:	Abraham Lincoln Brigade Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alba-valb.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationdevotedtothepreservationanddisseminationofthehistoryoftheNorthAmericanroleintheSpanishCivilWar(1936-1939).CollectionsheldatNewYorkUniversity'sTamimentLibrary

title:	American Library Association Archives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.library.illinois.edu%2Farchives%2Fala%2F
desc:	Searchable,browsablelistingsofthearchivesanddocumentsoftheAmericanLibraryAssociationfromthe1920stothepresent.

title:	Archive Grid 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchivegrid.org%2F
desc:	Searchabledatabaseofnearlyamillioncollectiondescriptionsprovidedbylibraries,museums,andarchivesaroundtheworld.

title:	Archives of the History of American Psychology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww3.uakron.edu%2Fahap%2F
desc:	HoldingsincludeprimarymaterialsfromAmericanpsychologists,antiqueinstrumentsusedbypsychologists,andoutdatedtestingmaterials.

title:	Maritime Archives and Collections Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aandc.org%2Fcollections%2Findex.html
desc:	Materialsrelatedtomarinehistoryandconservation,maritimeresearch,andnauticaleducation.

title:	Repositories of Primary Sources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FArchives&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uiweb.uidaho.edu%2Fspecial-collections%2FOther.Repositories.html
desc:	Alistingofthousandsofwebsitesdescribingholdingsofmanuscripts,archives,rarebooks,historicalphotographs,andotherprimarysourcesfortheresearchscholar.MaintainedbyTerryAbrahamattheUniversityofIdaho.

title:	Archiefnet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FArchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archiefnet.nl%2F
desc:	Linksnaararchieveninbinnen-enbuitenland.

title:	Archiefzoeker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FArchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archiefzoeker.nl%2F
desc:	InternetgidsvoorhetzoekennaarpersonenendocumentendoorEricHennekam.

title:	Archieven in Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FArchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.hccnet.nl%2Fp.molema%2Farchief.htm
desc:	Informatieoverzoweloverheids-alsparticulierearchieveninNederland.Gegevensoveradressen,openingstijden,bereikbaarheide.d.

title:	Archieven.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FArchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archieven.nl%2F
desc:	Zoekmogelijkheidopdeinventarissenvanarchievenencollecties.TevensadressenvanalleNederlandsearchiefinstellingenenhistorischeverenigingen.

title:	Erfgoedinspectie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FArchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erfgoedinspectie.nl%2F
desc:	WaaktopnationaalniveauovereenbelangrijkdeelvanhetNederlandserfgoed.Hettoezichtisgerichtoparcheologischeopgravingen,archievenbijdecentraleoverheid,hetroerendcultureelerfgoedenonroerendemonumenten.

title:	Hogeschool van Amsterdam - Archiefschool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FArchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hva.nl%2Farchiefschool
desc:	Nederlandsinstituutvoorarchiefonderwijsen-onderzoek.

title:	Landelijk Overleg van Provinciale Archiefinspecteurs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FArchieven&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.provincialearchiefinspecties.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdearchievenvande,Nederlandse,lagereoverhedenendeLOPAI.Werkzaamheden,klachtenrubriekenpublicaties.

title:	Amministrazione Archivistica Italiana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FArchivi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archivi.beniculturali.it%2F
desc:	Descrizionedelfunzionamentodelsistemaarchivisticonazionaleedegliistitutiperiferici.Motorediricercaperl'accessoallebanchedatiesistentieconsultazioneonlinedellaGuidageneraledegliArchividiStato.

title:	Arkivtips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FDansk%2FReference%2FArkiver&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.landsarkivetkbh.dk%2Ftips%2Fdefault.htm
desc:	Debatforumforarkivbrugere,drevetafStatensArkiver.

title:	Dansk Data Arkiv 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FDansk%2FReference%2FArkiver&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ddd.dda.dk%2F
desc:	DanskDemografiskDatabaseomfatter4forskelligedatabasermeddemografisk/genealogiskindhold.

title:	Maturski Seminarski Diplomski 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FSrpski%2FDru%C5%A1tvo%2FObrazovanje&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maturskiradovi.net%2F
desc:	Kolekcijamaturskih,seminarskihidiplomskihradovanainternetuizoblasti:e-society,informacionisistemi,racunarskasimulacija,hardver,inteligencija,itd.

title:	Su Sardu Jocande 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSardu%2FCunsurtu%2FAmmaistram%C3%A9ntu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sardegnacultura.it%2Fcds%2Fcd2%2F
desc:	Presentatunucursudesalimbasardaprosospitzinnos.[SardueItalianu]

title:	Axborot-ta'lim portali 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FO%27zbekcha%2FReferensiya%2FTa%E2%80%99lim&url=http%3A%2F%2Feduportal.uz%2F
desc:	O`zbekistonRespublikasimaktablarhaqidaaxborottizimi.Elektronkutubxona,multimedialmahsulotlar.

title:	Administratie Hoger Onderwijs en Wetenschappelijk Onderzoek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ond.vlaanderen.be%2Fhogeronderwijs%2F
desc:	DienstvandeVlaamseGemeenschapdiewilinformerenoverontwikkelingen,decreten,hetrechtscollege.Bevatondermeeromvormingstabellennaardenieuwestructuur.

title:	HBO-raad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hbo-raad.nl%2F
desc:	OverkoepelendeverenigingvanhogescholeninNederland.

title:	Hoger Onderwijs Persbureau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.persburo.org%2F
desc:	GespecialiseerdinlandelijknieuwsuitdewereldvandeNederlandsehogescholenenuniversiteiten.

title:	Keuzegids Hoger Onderwijs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keuzegids.org%2F
desc:	Siteovereenconsumentengidsvoorstudiekiezers.Onafhankelijkevergelijkingtussenopleidingen,mededoorstudenten.Onlinekorteinformatieoveropleidingenwaarstudententevredenofjuistheelontevredenoverzijnennieuws.

title:	NVAO - Nederlands-Vlaamse Accreditatie Organisatie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nvao.net%2F
desc:	WaarborgtdekwaliteitvanhogeronderwijsinNederlandenVlaanderen.EnisbelastmethetactualiserenvanhetonlineHogerOnderwijsregisterdatdebachelors-enmastersopleidingenbevat.

title:	VSNU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vsnu.nl%2F
desc:	VerenigingvanUniversiteiteninNederland,behartigtdebelangenvandeuniversiteitennaarkabinet,politiek,overheidenmaatschappelijkeorganisaties.

title:	Aequor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FOp_Onderwerp&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aequor.nl%2F
desc:	Kennis-encommunicatiecentrumvoordegroenesectoren.Informatieoverdoeleinden,activiteitenennieuws.

title:	Bedrijfssimulaties.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FOp_Onderwerp&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bedrijfssimulaties.nl%2F
desc:	HoudtzichbezigmethetvervaardigenenorganiserenvanmanagementgamesensimulatiesvoorhetbedrijfslevenenhetonderwijsinNederlandenVlaanderen.

title:	Groen Onderwijs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FOp_Onderwerp&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.groenonderwijs.nl%2F
desc:	NieuwsuitGroenonderwijsland,informatieoveronderwijsinstellingeninNederland,artikelenuithetvakbladeninformatieoverprojecten.

title:	Des albums en maternelle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FFormation%2FEnseignement_%C3%A9l%C3%A9mentaire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmateralbum.free.fr%2F
desc:	Proposedesalbumspourl'enseignementenmaternelleetleurexploitationssurlestroisniveaux.

title:	Jamilahden tanssilinja 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FSuomi%2FKulttuuri_ja_viihde%2FN%C3%A4ytt%C3%A4m%C3%B6taiteet%2FKoulutus&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjamilahti.fi%2Findex.php%2Fkoulutuslinjat%2Ftanssilinja
desc:	Vuodenmittainenkoulutus.

title:	Sirkusala - Koulutuskeskus Salpaus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FSuomi%2FKulttuuri_ja_viihde%2FN%C3%A4ytt%C3%A4m%C3%B6taiteet%2FKoulutus&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salpaus.fi%2Fsirkusala%2FSivut%2Fdefault.aspx
desc:	Toisenasteenkoulutustatarjoavaoppilaitos.Kouluttaasirkusartisteja.

title:	Stichting Onderwijs der Evangelische Broedergemeente Suriname 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FSuriname%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Febgs-scholen.net%2F
desc:	Staatvoordeeducatievevormingvanjongeburgersvanuiteenchristelijkeachtergrond.Informatievoorouders,leerlingenenleerkrachten.Overdestichting,haardoelstellingenenscholen.

title:	Taaluniversum - Suriname 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FSuriname%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftaalunieversum.org%2Fonderwijs%2Fsuriname%2F
desc:	VerslagvandeonderwijsconferentieinParamariboentoelichtingenbijdeassociatieovereenkomstmetdeNederlandseTaalunie.

title:	Cultuur en School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cultuurenschool.nl%2F
desc:	Meercultuuropschool,leerlingenincontactbrengenmettheater,museum,muziekenliteratuur.

title:	Edudelta Onderwijsgroep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edudeltacollege.nl%2F
desc:	ScholengroepvoorVMBOenMBOmetvestigingeninZuid-HollandenZeeland.Informatieoverleerwegenenbegeleiding,ennieuws.

title:	GPOWN 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gpown.nl%2F
desc:	PrimairgereformeerdonderwijsWest-Nederland.

title:	Inspectie van het Onderwijs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onderwijsinspectie.nl%2F
desc:	AdressenvanderegionalekantorenvandeNederlandseonderwijsinspectie.

title:	Maatschappij tot Nut van 't Algemeen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nutalgemeen.nl%2F
desc:	SamenwerkingsverbandvanNederlandseNutsscholen,opgerichtin1784.Algemeneinformatie,geschiedenis,organisatie,departementenenlijstvanscholen.

title:	Nederlandse Dalton Vereniging 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dalton.nl%2F
desc:	SamenwerkingsverbandvanNederlandseDaltonscholen.SitebiedtinformatieoverDalton-onderwijs.Daltonfilm,eneenlijstmetscholen.

title:	Nederlandse Jenaplanvereniging 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jenaplan.nl%2F
desc:	SamenwerkingsverbandvanNederlandsejenaplanscholen.Sitebiedtinformatieoverjenaplan-onderwijs.HettijdschriftMensen-kinderen,vacatures,eneenlijstmetscholen.

title:	Nederlandse Montessori Vereniging 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.montessori.nl%2F
desc:	SamenwerkingsverbandvanNederlandseMontessorischolen.SitebiedtinformatieoverMariaMontessorienmontessori-onderwijs.Mededelingen,vacatures,forumeneenlijstmetscholen.

title:	Schoolbank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schoolbank.nl%2F
desc:	Vindsneljeoudeschoolvriendenenschoolvriendinnenterug.Georganiseerdperschool.Loginnoodzakelijk.

title:	Stichting Montessorischolen Midden Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FNederland%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monton.nl%2F
desc:	Algemeneinformatieoverdediverselokaties,vactures,jaarroostersennieuwsbrieven.

title:	Centra voor Leerlingenbegeleiding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ond.vlaanderen.be%2Fclb%2F
desc:	WebsitevandeVlaamseGemeenschapoverdeCentravoorLeerlingenbegeleiding.Informatievoorleerlingen,ouders,leerkachten,scholenenprofessionelen.

title:	Digikids en Digi-Student 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digikids.be%2F
desc:	TweegrotesensibiliseringsinitiatievenvoordeintroductievanhetInternetendenieuwemediainhetVlaamsonderwijs.Hierinbundelenoverheid,mediaenbedrijfslevendekrachtenominhetbelangvanhonderdduizendenjongereneendualekennismaatschappijtevermijden.

title:	Digitale school 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digitaleschool.be%2F
desc:	Onlineoefeningen,downloadbarelesbundels,e-klas,e-bibenICTtips.

title:	Gemeenschapsonderwijs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gemeenschapsonderwijs.be%2F
desc:	InrichtendemachtvoorhetonderwijsvandeVlaamseGemeenschap.Rubriekenvoorondermeerouders,jeugd,personeel,nieuws,archief,enverdereenlijstvanallescholenenhetSchoolweb.

title:	Onderwijsinspectie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onderwijsinspectie.be%2F
desc:	DeonderwijsinspectievandeVlaamsegemeenschapiseenorganisatiediewerktinopdrachtvandeVlaamseoverheidenbelastismethettoezichtopdekwaliteitvanhetonderwijs.

title:	School Friends 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schoolfriends.be%2F
desc:	Databankmetdebedoelingoudeschoolvriendenterugtevinden.

title:	School Zonder Racisme 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schoolzonderracisme.be%2F
desc:	Organisatiedieverschillendevormingsactiviteitenaanbiedtenscholenverenigtdieeenduidelijkestellinginnemen.Meteenvoorlichtingsbrochure,eneenlijstvanscholen.

title:	SchoolNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digilife.be%2Fschoolnet%2F
desc:	Desitevan,voorenoverdeNederlandstaligeeducatievesector.

title:	Syntra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.syntra.be%2F
desc:	ErkendVIZO-centrumvoorvormingenbegeleidingvanzelfstandigenenmedewerkersvankmo's.

title:	Verkeerspedagogisch Instituut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.verkeervpi.be%2F
desc:	Vooralwerkzaamophetvlakvanschoolverkeer,verkeers-enmobiliteitsbeleid,ouderenenverkeer.Desitebevatrichtlijnenvoorverkeers-enmobiliteitseducatie.

title:	Vlaams Verbond van het Katholiek Secundair Onderwijs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vvkso.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoverregelgevingviademededelingen,scholengemeenschappen,nascholingsprojecten,lesmateriaal,groepsaankoopsoftware;mogelijkheidtothetstellenvanadministratieveenpedagogischevragenaandegespecialiseerdediensten.

title:	Vlaamse Script Academie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vsa-fsa.org%2F
desc:	DeVSAsteltzichtotdoelhetscenarioschrijventeprofessionaliseren.Hetuitgangspuntisdatscenarioschrijveneenvakisdatkanaangeleerdworden.

title:	Word wat je wil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FBelgi%C3%AB%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wordwatjewil.be%2F
desc:	DeDienstInformatieVormingenAfstemmingbiedteenoverzichtvancursussenenopleidingenvoorvolwasseneninVlaanderen.

title:	Red Escolar Nacional - Rena 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FAm%C3%A9rica%2FVenezuela%2FEducaci%C3%B3n&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rena.edu.ve%2F
desc:	Recursoseducativosparaalumnos,docentesyrepresentantes.

title:	Kumon North America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kumon.com%2F
desc:	Providesreadingandmathematicsteachingforchildren,atlocationsin43countriesincludingCanadaandtheUSA.Describestheirprogramsandanswerscommonquestions.[English/French]

title:	Sylvan Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sylvanlearning.com%2F
desc:	Providestutorsandothersupplementaleducationservicesfromkindergartenupthroughhighschoolgradelevels,frommanylocationsinNorthAmerica.

title:	The National Education Directory Of Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.education.net.au%2F
desc:	OffersaguidetofindingschoolsandeducationfacilitiesthroughoutAustraliaandNewZealand.Searchbycriteriaanddiscussionforum.

title:	Pacific Resources for Education and Learning (PREL) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprel.org%2F
desc:	AnonprofitcorporationthathelpsPacificschoolsimproveeducationaloutcomesforchildren,youth,andadultsbyprovidingresearch,developmentopportunities,training,technicalassistance,groupfacilitation,informationresourceactivities,dissemination,andevaluationservices.

title:	Peacesat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FOceania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fobake.peacesat.hawaii.edu%2F
desc:	Pan-Pacificeducationandcommunicationexperimentsbysatellite,apublicservicetelecommunicationsnetworkthatlinkseducationalinstitutions,regionalorganizations,andgovernmentsintheregion.

title:	Cultura Italiana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FRegional%2FEuropa%2FItalia%2FEducaci%C3%B3n&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culturaitaliana.eu%2F
desc:	EscuelasenBolonia,Manciano,Arezzo.Presentalasciudadesyloscursosofrecidos.

title:	American International School of Lusaka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FZambia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aislusaka.org%2F
desc:	Independent,coeducationaldayschoolofferingprimaryandsecondaryeducationandtheInternationalBaccalaureateprogram.

title:	Baobab College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FZambia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baobabcollege.org%2F
desc:	Independentprimaryandsecondaryschoolwithtwoboardinghouses.

title:	Barlaston Park School Zambia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FZambia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbarlastonparkschoolzambia.co.uk%2F
desc:	JuniorandseniorschoolinLusakafoundedin1984andcateringforover400pupils.

title:	Itala Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FZambia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.italafoundation.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationontheworkbeingdonebythefoundationinhelpingwitheducationinZambia.Includesinformationontheproject,howtogetinvolvedandhowtodonate.

title:	El Sol 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FRegional%2FAmerika%2FPeru%2FBildung&url=http%3A%2F%2Felsol.idiomasperu.com%2F
desc:	BietetTeil-undVollzeitkursean,uminLimadiespanischeSprachezuerlernen.

title:	Goethe-Institut Lima 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FRegional%2FAmerika%2FPeru%2FBildung&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goethe.de%2Fins%2Fpe%2Flim%2Fdeindex.htm
desc:	LokalesAngebotdesdeutschemKultur-undInformationszentrums,insbesonderewerdenSprachkurseangeboten.

title:	K.A.V. Alcuinus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FMensen%2FStudenten%2FStudentenverenigingen%2FDuitsland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alcuinus.de%2F
desc:	StudentenverenigingvanNederlandsestudentenaandeRWTHAken.

title:	Deutsche Kultur International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deutsche-kultur-international.de%2F
desc:	Thesystemprovidesinformationonthemainareasandorganisationsininternationalculturalexchange:schoolsabroad,primaryandsecondaryeducation,libraries,Germanlanguage,youthexchange,art,media,studyandsciences.

title:	Eurasia Language Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurasia-institute.com%2F
desc:	OfferscoursesinGermanasaforeignlanguage.PreparesstudentsfortheTestDaF/DSHexaminationstoenteraGermanuniversityaswellasofferinghomestayprogrammes.

title:	Higher Education Compass 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hochschulkompass.de%2F
desc:	GuidetoDegreeProgrammesofGermanHigherEducationInstitutionswithinformationaboutthestudycoursestheyoffer.

title:	Institut for Competitive Intelligence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.competitive-intelligence.com%2F
desc:	FoundedtoprovidesolidandadaptableinternationaltrainingprogramstoCIprofessionalsseekingcertificationinCI.

title:	Lesen 2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lernspiele.at%2Flese2000.html
desc:	LearningbasicskillsinGermanlanguage:hundredsofpicturesandwordsspokenbynativespeakers.Includes16learninggameswithalotoffunforchildrenfromage4to11.

title:	Study in Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstudygermany.mawista.com%2F
desc:	Guideaboutpreparingandapplyingtotheuniversity,fundingthestudiesandliving.

title:	Study in Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dw.com%2Fen%2Ftop-stories%2Fstudy-in-germany%2Fs-8010
desc:	MultilingualinformationresourceforinternationalstudentsandyoungscientistswhoareinterestedinastudyorresearchstayinGermany.

title:	Studying in Germany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FGermany%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studying-in-germany.org%2F
desc:	GuidewithusefulinformationandtipsforallinternationalstudentslookingtostudyabroadinGermany.

title:	Bolivien liest! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FRegional%2FAmerika%2FBolivien%2FBildung&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bolivien-liest.de%2F
desc:	EineInitiative,dieessichzurAufgabegemachthat,langfristigganzBolivienzualphabetisieren.

title:	Academia de Idiomas del Norte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FChile%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.languages.cl%2F
desc:	LanguagesschoolinIquique,northernChile.IntensivecoursesinEnglish,German,Spanish,Russian,FrenchandPortuguese.AssistanceinlocatingstudentswithChileanhostfamilies.[Sitemakesextensiveuseofpopups.]

title:	Escuela BellaVista 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FChile%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.escuelabellavista.cl%2F
desc:	SpanishlanguageschoolinSantiago,withresourcestosupportteachingactivitieslikeTV,VideoandDVD,PCs,datashowandaudioequipment.Homestayarrangements,andnearbyexcursions.

title:	Instituto Chileno-Suizo de Idiomas y Cultura 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FSouth_America%2FChile%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chilenosuizo.cl%2F
desc:	Spanishlanguageprograms,hospitalitycourses,andartgallery.[Spanish,English,French,German]

title:	Naparima College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FSecondary_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naparima.org%2F
desc:	OneoftheoldestandmostprestigioussecondaryschoolsinTrinidadandTobago,foundedinSanFernandoin1894.

title:	St. Joseph's Convent, St. Joseph 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FSecondary_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trinibase.com%2Fsjcsj%2F
desc:	Girls'denominationalsecondaryschoollocatedinEastTrinidad.

title:	Trinity College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FSecondary_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trinibase.com%2Ftrinity%2F
desc:	SecondaryschoollocatedinMoka.Siteprovidesinformationonschooleventsandactivities,studentdatabaseandcommunityinformation.

title:	Hillview Old Boys Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FReunions_and_Alumni&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.search.co.tt%2Fhoba%2F
desc:	Organizationofgraduatesandalumnioftheschool.Offersphotogallery,scheduleofupcomingevents,onlinemembershipform,membersbyyearandcontactinformation.

title:	Hillview' Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FReunions_and_Alumni&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fhillview2%2F
desc:	YahooclubforHillviewOldBoysandcurrentstudents.

title:	Austin Learning Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FHigher_and_Further_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alc.edu.tt%2F
desc:	Privateinstitutespecialisingin"EnglishasaSecondLanguage"coursesforSpanish-speakingstudentsofallages.

title:	Caribbean College of the Bible International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FHigher_and_Further_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccbi.org%2F
desc:	AcademicinstitutionspecialisinginstudyofChristianreligionsandministries.

title:	Caribbean TECH TrendZ 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FHigher_and_Further_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cttl.net%2F
desc:	InformationTechnologytrainingservicesproviderlocatedinSouthTrinidad.Siteprovidesinformationoncourses,testimonialsandcompanyinformation.

title:	Deltasoft Computer Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FHigher_and_Further_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deltasoft.co.tt%2F
desc:	Computerlearningcentreprovidingarangeofintroductorycomputercourses.

title:	Institute of Training and Development Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FHigher_and_Further_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intadltd.com%2F
desc:	Providingcertificateanddiplomacoursesinaccounting,businessandinformationtechnology.Alsotutoringforsecondaryschoolstudents.Siteprovidesinformationonavailableprogrammesandregistrationforms.

title:	Omardeen School of Accounting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FHigher_and_Further_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omardeen.com%2F
desc:	TertiarylevelinstituteofferingtuitionforACCAandCATcourses.Siteprovidescourseinformation,andstudentservices.[usesFlash]

title:	School of Accounting and Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FHigher_and_Further_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.samtt.com%2F
desc:	Instituteprovidingtrainingformajoraccountancycertificationsandcertification,diplomaanddegreeprogrammesinbusinessandmanagement.

title:	School of Business and Computer Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FHigher_and_Further_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbcstnt.com%2F
desc:	Toprovidehighqualitytrainingprogrammes,servicesandproducts,whichwillaidindividualsandbyextensioncorporationsinreachingtheirfullpotential

title:	International School of Port of Spain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FPrivate_Institutions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isps.edu.tt%2F
desc:	PrivatelyrunschoolfollowingtheAmericaneducationsystemandcurriculum,locatedinWestmoorings.

title:	Maple Leaf International School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FPrivate_Institutions&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mapleleaf-school.com%2F
desc:	CoeducationalprivateschoolfollowingtheOntarioMinistryofEducationcurriculum.Siteprovidesinformationonstaff,facilities,activitiesandamonthlynewsletter.

title:	NIHERST 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.niherst.gov.tt%2F
desc:	Tertiaryeducationinstitutepromotingscience,technologyandhighereducation.

title:	Nubian School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FTrinidad_and_Tobago%2FEducation%2FEarly_Childhood&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nubianschool.com%2F
desc:	Community-basedschoolinMorvantfocusingonhistoricalawarenessandsocialdevelopmentofchildren.Siteprovidesinformationontheschool'sactivitiesandphilosophy.

title:	Hed College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hedmusic.co.il%2F
desc:	TheIsraeliCollegeofContemporaryMusicisaculturalandeducationalinstitutedevotedtotheadvancedstudyofcontemporarymusic.ThecollegeisrecognizedbytheIsraeliMinistryofEducationandoffers,incooperationwithOklahomaCityUniversity,aB.A.Degreeinclassical,jazz,popandrockmusic.

title:	Ono Academic College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FSchools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fono.ac.il%2F
desc:	Informationaboutcourses,admissions,andstudentservices.[English,Russian,Hebrew]

title:	The Institute for the Study of Entrepreneurship and Management of Innovation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FAcademic_Related&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isemi.org%2F
desc:	ISEMI'svisionisaninstitutionthatwouldworkwiththestudents,developtheskillsnecessarytoidentifyandevaluateopportunities,andestablishandmanagehighgrowthventures-bothindependentlyandaschangeleaderswithinexistingfirms.

title:	University of Haifa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FUniversity_of_Haifa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.haifa.ac.il%2F
desc:	Generalinformationabouttheuniversityandcontacts.

title:	Department of Management Information Systems (MIS), Haifa University, Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FUniversity_of_Haifa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhevra.haifa.ac.il%2Fmis%2F
desc:	DepartmentofManagementInformationSystems(MIS),HaifaUniversity,Israel.

title:	Department of Psychology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FUniversity_of_Haifa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpsy.haifa.ac.il%2F
desc:	Generalinformationaboutthedepartmentandcontacts.

title:	Eliezer Rafaeli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FUniversity_of_Haifa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fresearch.haifa.ac.il%2F%7Erafaeli%2F
desc:	Backgroundandcontactinformation.

title:	Ashkelon Regional College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ash-college.ac.il%2F
desc:	Oneofthe12regionalcollegesinIsraelunderthesupervisionoftheCouncilforHigherEducationandtheMinistryofCultureandisnowanextensionofBar-IlanUniversity,RamtGan.

title:	The Galilee College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galilcol.ac.il%2F
desc:	LocatedinnorthIsrael,offersscholarshipstostudentsfromdevelopingcountriestoitsacademiccourses.

title:	The Interdisciplinary Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idc.ac.il%2F
desc:	IDCisperhapsoneofveryfewacademicinstitutionsworldwidethatistrulyinterdisciplinary.Thedegreeprogramsareprovidingthestudentswithstate-of-the-artknowledgeandasignificantcompetitiveedgeinthemarketplace.

title:	The Israeli College for Security and Investigation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.code.co.il%2F
desc:	HoldsacademicandoperationalpracticalcoursesinIsraelandtheworldinthefieldsofsecurity,investigations,businessintelligence,informationtechnologysecurityandanti-terrorismstudies.

title:	Jerusalem University College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.juc.edu%2F
desc:	Anindependent,degreegranting,ChristianacademicinstitutionofhighereducationinIsrael,aswellasanextensioncampusformorethan100accrediteduniversities,collegesandseminariesaroundtheworld.

title:	Oranim Academic College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oranim.ac.il%2F
desc:	Israeliteacherscollege,offering,B.A.,B.Ed.andB.Sc.degrees,andshortlyM.EdaswellasteachingdiplomaforelementaryschoolsandhighschoolsinIsrael.Itoffersin-serviceteachersprogramsandpedagogicalresearchcenters.

title:	Ort Braude College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.braude.ac.il%2F
desc:	LocatedinKarmiel,Israel.Offersawidevarietyofstudiesandtrainingforcareersinthelatesttechnologies.

title:	Raphael Recanati International School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rris.idc.ac.il%2F
desc:	StudyinIsraelinEnglish.InternationallyrecognizedBAdegreesincomputerscience,businessadministrationandentrepreneurialmarketing,government,diplomacystrategy,andMiddleEastsecuritystudies.

title:	Ruppin Academic Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ruppin.ac.il%2F
desc:	TheInstitutespecializesinmanagementandadvancedtechnologicalstudies,whichareofferedthroughawidevarietyofacademicprogramsanddiplomastudies.[EnglishandHebrew]

title:	Shenkar College of Engineering and Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shenkar.ac.il%2F
desc:	ShenkarCollegeoffersdegreesinmanagement,software,plastics,chemicalandindustrialengineeringaswellasinfashion,textile,jewelry,industrialandgraphicdesign.

title:	The Open University of Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FThe_Open_University_of_Israel&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-e.openu.ac.il%2F
desc:	InformationabouttheOpenUniversityofIsrael,itscourses,academicdepartments,degrees,certificatesandregistrationprocedures.Offersoverseasstudentsregistrationinstructions,theuniversity'spublicationsandnewsletter.

title:	Weizmann Institute of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FWeizmann_Institute_of_Science&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.weizmann.ac.il%2F
desc:	Aninternationalscientificresearchandhigh-educationacademiccenter.Offerssecond,thirdandpostdoctoraldegreestudiesinbiology,biochemistry,chemistry,physics,mathematicsandcomputerscience.

title:	Tel Aviv University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTel_Aviv_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tau.ac.il%2F
desc:	ThelargestuniversityinIsraelandthebiggestJewishuniversityintheworld.

title:	Buchmann Law Faculty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTel_Aviv_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tau.ac.il%2Flaw%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheprogramsofferedbythefaculty,itsactivities,itspublicationsandtheLightLawLibrary.

title:	Dalia Fishelov, Senior Lecturer, Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTel_Aviv_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.tau.ac.il%2F%7Edaliaf%2Findex.html
desc:	Contactinformation,conferencespresented,publications,andcoursestaught.

title:	The Dayan Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTel_Aviv_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dayan.org%2F
desc:	TelAvivUniversityresearchcenterforthestudyofcontemporaryMiddleEastaffairs.Onlinebibliographicaldatabase.

title:	Jose Brunner, D. Phil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTel_Aviv_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tau.ac.il%2Flaw%2Fjosebrunner%2F
desc:	CompleteCV,informationonpublications,andcoursestaughtbyDr.BrunneratTelAvivUniversity.

title:	Tel Aviv University - School of Computer Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTel_Aviv_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.tau.ac.il%2F
desc:	Informationonstaff,research,graduatestudiesandadministration.Linkstootherresources.

title:	Department of Biomedical Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bm.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Usingengineeringdisciplinesforclinicaldiagnosisandtherapy,andforinvestigatingthephysiologicalbasisofdisease.Includesinformationongraduateandundergraduatestudies.

title:	Department of Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technion.ac.il%2Ftechnion%2Fchemistry%2F
desc:	Providinggraduateandundergraduateteachingcoveringallareas.Includesprogramdetails,seminarcalendarandlecturerprofiles.

title:	Department of Computer Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Incorporatesbasic,appliedandsystemsresearchcoveringfieldssuchascomputationaltheoryandcomputerarchitecture.Includescourseinformation,technicalreportsanddetailsoffacilities.

title:	Department of Electrical Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ee.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Offeringbachelor,masters'anddoctoralprogramsinelectrical,computerandsoftwareengineering.Informationaboutfacilities,services,coursesandstaff.

title:	Department of Humanities and Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhumanities.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Providingundergraduateandgraduateteachinginmodernlanguages,English,Hebrew,performingartsandsports.Coursedetailsandinformationaboutstaffandfacilities.

title:	Department of Materials Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technion.ac.il%2Ftechnion%2Fmaterials%2F
desc:	Providesteachinginmaterialsscienceandengineeringforstudents,engineersanduniversitygraduates.Informationoncoursesandresearchprograms,plusaconferencecalendar.

title:	Department of Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	OffersundergraduateandgraduateprogramsandincorporatesanInstituteofAdvancedStudies.Courseinformation(inHebrewandEnglish),stafflistingsandconferencedetails.

title:	Faculty of Aerospace Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fae-www.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Providingteachinginclassicalengineering,aswellascomputer-aideddesignandexperimentation.Detailsoffacilitiesandcourses,withinformationoncurrentdesignprojects.

title:	Faculty of Agricultural Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technion.ac.il%2Ftechnion%2Fagr%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduateprogramscoveringtopicssuchassoilconservation,livestockandaquacultureengineeringandwaterdeliveryandstorage.Includesdetailsofcourses,staffandresearch.

title:	Faculty of Architecture and Town Planning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchitecture.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Providingcoursesinthetechnicalanddesignaspectsofarchitecture,landscapearchitectureandurbanplanning.Containsinformationonprograms,staff,facilitiesandpubliclectures.

title:	Faculty of Biology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbiology.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Offeringundergraduateandgraduatecourseswhichcombinebiologicalandmedicalresearchwithengineering.Detailsofprograms,staff,facilitiesandseminars.

title:	Faculty of Civil and Environmental Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technion.ac.il%2Ftechnion%2Fcivil%2F
desc:	Incorporatesteachingdepartmentsinenvironmental,waterandagriculturalengineering;transportationandgeo-information;andstructuralengineeringandconstructionmanagement.Includescourse,researchandstaffinformation.(HebrewandEnglish)

title:	Faculty of Food Engineering and Biotechnology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technion.ac.il%2Ftechnion%2Ffood%2F
desc:	Providescoursesinengineering,lifeandnaturalsciences,plusjointdegreeprogramswiththeFacultiesofBiologyandChemistry.Informationonteachingandfacilitiesincludinglaboratoriesandafoodprocessingplant.

title:	Faculty of Industrial Engineering and Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiew3.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Offeringcoursesinareassuchasergonomics,materialflowandthedynamicflowofinformation.Informationonprograms,staff,seminars,researchcenters,laboratoriesandotherfacilities.

title:	Faculty of Mechanical Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmeeng.technion.ac.il%2F
desc:	Providingcoursesinbasicmechanicsandenergy,aswellasinterdisciplinarystudiesinopticalengineering,mechatronicsandcomputersystems.Courseandresearchdetails,staffprofilesandemploymentopportunities.

title:	Faculty of Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FTechnion&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technion.ac.il%2Ftechnion%2Fmedicine%2F
desc:	Offeringanundergraduatecourse,severalresearchprogramsandincorporatingtheCenterofTelemedicineandMedicalInformatics.Detailsofcourses,majorprojectsandfacilities.

title:	Ben Gurion University of the Negev 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBen_Gurion_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bgu.ac.il%2F
desc:	LocatedinBe'erSheva,itistheonlyuniversityinsouthIsrael.

title:	Aranne Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBen_Gurion_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bgu.ac.il%2Faranne%2F
desc:	LibraryInformation,On-linecatalog,electronicjournals.

title:	Department of Computer Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBen_Gurion_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.bgu.ac.il%2F
desc:	People,researchprojects,preprints.

title:	Department of Electrical Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBen_Gurion_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ee.bgu.ac.il%2F
desc:	Aboutthedepartment,courses,syllabus,information.

title:	Eilat Campus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBen_Gurion_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bgu.ac.il%2Feilat
desc:	Informationabouttheeilatcampus,courses,registration.

title:	Bar-Ilan University, Israel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBar-Ilan_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biu.ac.il%2F
desc:	Bar-IlanUniversitycombinesscienceandgeneralstudieswithJewishstudies.Learnabouttheuniversitydepartments,researchcenters,coursecatalog,on-lineadmission,librariesandpublications.

title:	Department of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBar-Ilan_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biu.ac.il%2Fsoc%2Fec%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthefaculty,researchactivities,institutes,seminars,academicprogramandjournals.

title:	Faculty of Exact Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBar-Ilan_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esc.biu.ac.il%2F
desc:	Provideslinkstothedepartments,unitsandcenters.

title:	Faculty of Humanities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBar-Ilan_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biu.ac.il%2Fhu%2F
desc:	TheFacultyofHumanitiescombinesgeneralandclassicaleducationwiththeBar-IlanemphasisonJewishthemes.Linkstotheunderlyingdepartments,units,libraries,laboratoriesandcenters.

title:	Faculty of Jewish Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBar-Ilan_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biu.ac.il%2Fjs%2F
desc:	Includeslinkstotheunderlyingdepartmentsandunits,someonlineservices.

title:	Faculty of Social Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FBar-Ilan_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biu.ac.il%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	ThelargestfacultyinBar-Ilanuniversity.Linkstothedepartments,unitsandcenters.

title:	Armenian Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Funixware.mscc.huji.ac.il%2F%7Earmenia%2F
desc:	OffersdetailsaboutArmenianstudies,fellowships,history,departmentnewsandresearchresources.

title:	Australian Friends of the Hebrew University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.austfhu.org.au%2F
desc:	AssistanceforAustralianstudentswishingtostudyattheinstitute.Includesinformationondonations,bequestsandstudentenquiries.

title:	The Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.huji.ac.il%2F
desc:	Generalinformationaboutthedepartmentandcontacts.

title:	The Einstein Institute of Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ma.huji.ac.il%2F
desc:	Informationaboutacademicstaff,courses,events,researchcentres,libraryandservices.

title:	Hebrew University - Faculty of Humanities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hum.huji.ac.il%2F
desc:	Academicunits,researchcenter,onlinecourses,studentinformationanddatabases.

title:	Hebrew University - Faculty of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscience.huji.ac.il%2Fen
desc:	Academicunits,projects,grants,directory,calendar,libraryinformation.

title:	The Hebrew University of Jerusalem 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnew.huji.ac.il%2F
desc:	AcademiccenterthathasacademicresearchinHumanitiesandScience.Informationaboutthefaculties,schools,admission,courses,researchanddevelopment,andtheRothbergSchoolforOverseasStudents.

title:	Rothberg International School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Foverseas.huji.ac.il%2F
desc:	Aprogrammeforoverseasstudents.Accreditedsemester,yearandsummerprogramsforgraduatesandundergraduates,andM.A.degreeprogramstaughtinEnglish.

title:	School of Engineering and Computer Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.huji.ac.il%2F
desc:	Studies,research,staffandon-lineresources.

title:	Yissum Research Development Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIsrael%2FHebrew_University_of_Jerusalem&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yissum.co.il%2F
desc:	TheexclusiveowneroftheUniversity'sknow-how.Yissum'smainactivityistocreatebusinessarrangementswithindustrythroughouttheworldinordertocommercializeinnovationsoftheHebrewUniversityscientists.

title:	Amideast Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amideast.org%2F
desc:	Private,non-profitorganizationpromotingcooperationbetweenAmericaandtheregionthrougheducation,information,anddevelopmentprograms.Featurestheprograms,courseschedules,andthestaffmemberslist.

title:	The Arava Institute for Environmental Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arava.org%2F
desc:	OffersIsraeli,Jordanian,Palestinian,Egyptianandoverseasstudentsanintensivehands-onacademicprogramindesertecology,science,policy,socialandculturalstudies.Includesaprofile,syllabus,activism,alumniandfacultyinformation.

title:	British Schools of the Middle East (BSME) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bsme.org.uk%2F
desc:	AssociationofBritishCurriculumschoolsintheMiddleEastprovidesdirectoriesofschoolsandassociatemembers,listofcountryreps,researchandconferencedetails.

title:	Intelligent Partners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intelligentpartners.com%2F
desc:	StudentcareercounselingforadmissionstoUKandUSAcollegesanduniversities,teacherRecruitmentfortheGulfarea,andeducationconsultancyservices.ContactdetailsforofficesinDubai,Qatar,Kuwait,andAbuDhabi.

title:	Academia Europaea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ae-info.org%2F
desc:	AfunctioningEuropeanAcademyofHumanities,LettersandSciences,composedofindividualmembersfromEurope.Abouttheacademyanditshistory,membershipinformation,activities,andcontactdetails.

title:	The European Federation of the International Council on Hotel, Restaurant & Institutional Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eurochrie.org%2F
desc:	EuroCHRIEisaninternationalorganisationthatsupportseducationandtrainingfortheindustry.Management,news,conferences,publications,andmembers'directory.

title:	European Grinzane Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grinzane.net%2F
desc:	ActivitiespromotingtheEuropeanculturalheritagerepresentedbybooksandbookculture.Partners,culturalactivities,forum,chat,andportfolio.

title:	European Homeschooling Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gomilpitas.com%2Fhomeschooling%2Fregional%2FEurope.htm
desc:	Resources,supportgroups,andlawsforhomeschooling.

title:	European Institute of Education and Social Policy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eiesp.org%2F
desc:	NongovernmentalorganisationspecialisedinthecomparisonandevaluationofeducationpoliciesandprogrammesinEurope.

title:	European SchoolNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eun.org%2F
desc:	AninternationalpartnershipofmorethantwentyEuropeanMinistriesofEducationdevelopinglearningforschools,teachersandpupilsacrossEurope.Teachersfindresources,news,practiceexamplesandcollaborationopportunities.

title:	European Union Studies Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eustudies.org%2F
desc:	EducationalscholarlyandprofessionalassociationdevotedtoEuropeanUnionaffairs.Essays,teachingresources,organizationalinformation,andmembershipform.

title:	European Youth parliament 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eypej.org%2F
desc:	Aninternational,non-partisanorganisationwhichseekstoincreaseyoungpeople'sawarenessofEuropeanissues.Profile,aims,activities,andcontactdetails.

title:	Mercator-Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mercator-research.eu%2F
desc:	Europeannetworkforinformation,documentationandresearchintoregionalorminoritylanguagesineducation.Regionaldossiers,research,databases,historyandgoals,andnewsletter.

title:	Nordunet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nordu.net%2F
desc:	TheNordicInternethighwaytoresearchandeducationnetworksinDenmark,Finland,Iceland,NorwayandSweden,andprovidestheNordicbackbonetotheGlobalInformationSociety.

title:	Caribbean Examinations Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cxc.org%2F
desc:	Organizationthatprovidestheregionwithexaminationsandcertificatesaswellasservicestoeducationalinstitutionsinthedevelopmentofsyllabuses,examinationsandexaminationsadministration.Containshistory,examinationsFAQandtimetables,news,andeducatorssection.

title:	The Caribbean Regional Council for Adult Education (CARCAE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCaribbean%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcarcae.tripod.com%2F
desc:	TheumbrellabodyforadulteducationintheDutch,English,FrenchandPapiamento-speakingCaribbean.

title:	Africa Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.africaeducation.org%2F
desc:	PortalandlinksdirectoryforeducationinandaboutAfrica.

title:	African Network of Scientific and Technical Institutions (ANSTI) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ansti.org%2F
desc:	OrganisationofAfricaninstitutionsengagedinUniversityleveltrainingandresearchinscienceandtechnology.Includesnews,activities,publications,andmemberinformation.

title:	African Virtual University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avu.org%2F
desc:	Providesworld-classqualityeducationandtrainingprogramstostudentsandprofessionalsinAfrica,supportingeconomicdevelopmentthroughtelecommunicationstechnology.

title:	allAfrica.com - Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fallafrica.com%2Feducation%2F
desc:	NewsreportsandheadlinesfromtheAfricanpress,updatedconstantly.

title:	Association for the Development of Education in Africa (ADEA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adeanet.org%2F
desc:	FocusesondevelopingpartnershipsbetweenMinistersofEducationandfundingagenciesinordertopromoteeffectiveeducationpoliciesbasedonAfricanleadershipandownership.BilingualEnglish/French.

title:	CIHE - International Network for Higher Education in Africa (INHEA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bc.edu%2Fresearch%2Fcihe%2Finhea.html
desc:	AimedatthoseengagedinresearchanddevelopmentrelatedtohighereducationinAfrica.ProvidesonlineversionsoftheCenter'squarterlymagazine,otherpublications,andlinkstorelatedonlineresources.

title:	SchoolNet Africa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schoolnetafrica.org%2F
desc:	EncouragestheuseoftheinternetinAfricanschoolsandlinkstonationalschoolnetsthroughoutAfrica.[English,French]

title:	SOS Schools - Africa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sos-schools.org%2Fafrica
desc:	Informationandphotosofthe89schoolsrunbySOSChildrenin39Africancountries.

title:	Support Africa International Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.support-africa.de%2F
desc:	NGOsupportingresearchathigherschoolsoflearninginsub-SaharaAfrica.Describesprojects,services,awards.

title:	First Monday - Creating Virtual Learning Communities in Africa: Challenges and Prospects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffirstmonday.org%2Fissues%2Fissue5_5%2Fdarkwa%2F
desc:	OseiDarkwaandFikileMazibukodiscussthegrowingapplicationofinformationcommunicationstechnologiesinAfricaandotherpartsoftheworld.

title:	Asian Educational Media Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aems.illinois.edu%2F
desc:	Searchabledatabaseof3,500multimediatitlesfocusingonAsia,aswellasnumerousreviewsandalistofrecommendedK-12resources.

title:	H-Asia: Asian History and Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.h-net.org%2F%7Easia%2F
desc:	H-Netgroupcommittedtodiscussingregionwide,comparativeandprofessionalissuesimportanttoscholarsofAsia.Featuresarchive,reviews,linkstorelatedresources,andsubscriptioninformation.

title:	Tau Omega Mu Fraternity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftauomegamu.org%2F
desc:	AboutTauOmegaMuFraternityanditsLadies'Circle.

title:	ILERI Language Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilerispanishschool.com%2F
desc:	SanJose,CostaRica,andPanamaCity,Panama.RunbytwoprofessionalwomenwithdegreesinbothInternationalRelationsandSpanishasaSecondLanguage.UsestheTotalImmersionMethod.Offersextracurricularactivities,volunteerworkopportunities.

title:	ILISA Instituto de Idiomas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilisa.com%2F
desc:	IntensiveSpanishlanguagetrainingforbusinessandprofessionalpeopleatlocationsinSanJose,CostaRica,andPanamaCity,Panama.Includesinformationaboutcourses,accommodations,andtraveltips.

title:	Spanish by the Sea and Spanish by the River 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spanishbythesea.com%2F
desc:	SitesinSanJose,CostaRica,andinBocasdelToroandinBoquete,Panama.Describesfacilities,instructionmethod,andculturalactivities.

title:	Apoyo Intensive Spanish School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FNicaragua%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gaianicaragua.org%2F
desc:	Offersimmersionlanguagecoursesandeco-tourism;withpricesandemailcontact;locatedinApoyo.

title:	Colegio Decroly American 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FGuatemala%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.decrolyamericano.com%2F
desc:	AccreditedprivateschoolinMixco,usingU.S.curriculum.Includesdescriptionofgrades1through12.

title:	English Teachers in Tunisia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FTunisia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Ftunisia-english%2F
desc:	DiscussionlistforteachersofEnglishinthecountry.

title:	University Mission of Tunisia in North America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FTunisia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mutan.org%2F
desc:	GovernmentinchargeofadministeringfinancialaidprogramstoTunisiansattendingNorthAmericanuniversities;findoutabouttuitionprograms,statistics,andnews.[French/English]

title:	Adventure of Learning Spanish 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FEducation%2FSpanish_Language_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adventureoflearningspanish.com%2F
desc:	OfferSpanishprogramswithhotelaccommodationinIxtapa.

title:	Angloamericano 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FEducation%2FSpanish_Language_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angloamericano.com.mx%2F
desc:	StudySpanishinCuernavaca,VeracruzorMexicoCity.Theyofferprogramsfromoneweekto18weeksinlength.

title:	Baden-Powell Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FEducation%2FSpanish_Language_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baden-powell.com%2F
desc:	OffersSpanishlanguagecoursesforstudentsfromabroadinMorelia,Michoacan.[English/Spanish/French/German]

title:	Baja California Language College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FEducation%2FSpanish_Language_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bajacal.com%2F
desc:	NativespeakingMexicaninstructors.Includestuition,programs,registration,andaccommodations.

title:	Anahuac University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FMexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anahuac.mx%2F
desc:	Offersbachelors,masters,anddoctoratedegrees.Listsprogramsavailable,specialprograms,andamapofthecampus.SiteinEnglishandSpanish.

title:	Consortium of Mexican Universities (CUMex) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FMexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cumex.org.mx%2F
desc:	Workingtogethertofulfillavisionforhigh-qualityhighereducationthatisflexibleandrelevanttothebiggestproblemsfacingthesociety.Includesinformationaboutmemberinstitutions.[English/Spanish]

title:	American School Foundation of Guadalajara 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FInternational%2FInternational_Schools%2FNorth_America%2FMexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwarrior.asfg.mx%2F
desc:	Private,non-profit,non-sectarian,US-accreditedinstitutionofferingAmerican-styleeducationgradespre-kindergartenthrough12thgrade,inGuadalajara,Mexico.

title:	American School of Puerto Vallarta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FInternational%2FInternational_Schools%2FNorth_America%2FMexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Faspv.edu.mx%2F
desc:	USaccreditedprivateschoolofferingabiculturaleducationtointernationalstudentsfrompreschoolthroughgrade12.Informationaboutprogram,governance,admissions,andothertopics.

title:	The American School of Tampico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FInternational%2FInternational_Schools%2FNorth_America%2FMexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ats.edu.mx%2F
desc:	Tampico,Mexico.OffersaUnitedStatescurriculum,paralleltothecurriculummandatedbytheMexicanMinistryofEducation,frompreschooltograde10.Mission,philosophy,academicprogram,accreditation,andotherinformation.

title:	The British Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language%2FLanguage_Schools%2FNorth_America%2FMexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishcentre.com.mx%2F
desc:	Cateringtochildren,adults,andcompanies.Completetranslationservice,teachertrainingthroughC.O.T.E.,KET,PET,FCEexamcentre.

title:	Brooklyn Educational Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish%2FEnglish_as_a_Second_Language%2FLanguage_Schools%2FNorth_America%2FMexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbrooklyn_edu.tripod.com%2F
desc:	OffersCambridgeEnglishtostudentsofallagesandeducationallevelsfortravel,schoolandbusiness.

title:	American School of Puerto Vallarta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FJalisco%2FLocalities%2FPuerto_Vallarta%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Faspv.edu.mx%2F
desc:	AUSaccreditedprivateschool.Offersabiculturaleducationtointernationalstudentsfrompreschoolthroughgrade12.

title:	Goethe-Institut Mexiko 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FRegional%2FAmerika%2FMexiko%2FBildung&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goethe.de%2Fins%2Fmx%2Flp%2Fdeindex.htm
desc:	VorstellungderdeutschenKultur-undInformationszentreninMexikoD.F.undGuadalajara.

title:	The British Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FNuevo_Leon%2FLocalities%2FMonterrey%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishcentre.com.mx%2F
desc:	Cateringtochildren,adults,andcompanies.Completetranslationservice,teachertrainingthroughC.O.T.E.,KET,PET,FCEexamcenter.

title:	Instituto San Roberto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FNuevo_Leon%2FLocalities%2FMonterrey%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sanroberto.edu.mx%2F
desc:	Bilingualprimaryandsecondaryschool.Featuresacademicprogram,registrationprocess,andhistory.[EnglishandSpanish]

title:	Monterrey Tech International Programs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FNuevo_Leon%2FLocalities%2FMonterrey%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mty.itesm.mx%2Frectoria%2Fpi%2Finternationalstudents%2F
desc:	Includesadmissions,academics,studentlife,andstudenthandbook.

title:	Pan American School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FNuevo_Leon%2FLocalities%2FMonterrey%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pas.edu.mx%2F
desc:	Privateschoolservespreschoolthroughninthgradestudentsattwocampuses.Featuresitshistory,programs,events,admissiondetails,photographsandlocationmaps.[English/Spanish]

title:	Discovery School Mexico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FMorelos%2FLocalities%2FCuernavaca%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdiscovery.edu.mx%2F
desc:	K-9thbilingual(English/Spanish)dayschool.Informationonadmissions,academics,andextra-curricularactivities.

title:	Universidad Internacional 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FMorelos%2FLocalities%2FCuernavaca%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uninter.edu.mx%2F
desc:	PrivatehighereducationinstitutionofferingSpanishandmulticulturalprogramsforinternationalstudents.Describesprograms,degrees,andapplicationprocess.

title:	Centro de Idiomas Volkswagen La Paz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FPuebla%2FLocalities%2FPuebla%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fspanishschoolmexico.8m.com%2F
desc:	MonthlySpanishlanguagecoursesandcultureimmersioninPuebla.

title:	Livit Immersion Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FPuebla%2FLocalities%2FPuebla%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.livitspanish.com%2F
desc:	Spanish-languageimmersiveinstruction.Describesmethodology,homestay,andculturalactivities.

title:	Spanish Institute of Puebla 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FPuebla%2FLocalities%2FPuebla%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sipuebla.com%2F
desc:	Spanishlanguageschoolspecializedinteachingthelanguageanditsculturethroughatotalimmersionintensiveprogram.

title:	Paraiso High School Class of 1963 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FRegions%2FPanama_Canal%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phs63.org%2F
desc:	News,reunionphotos,contactinformation,andmessageboard.

title:	The International School of Panama 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FLocalities%2FPanama_City%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fisp.edu.pa%2F
desc:	Pre-kindergartenthroughhighschool,instructioninEnglish.Providesinformationonadmissions,academics,facilities,andextracurricularactivities.

title:	Oxford International School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FLocalities%2FPanama_City%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ois.edu.pa%2F
desc:	Pre-kindergartenthroughhighschool,instructioninEnglish.Describesadmissionsandcurriculum,withinformationonhomework,schedule,andactivitiesforcurrentstudents.[English/Spanish]

title:	SpanishPanama 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FLocalities%2FPanama_City%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spanishpanama.com%2F
desc:	Offersflexiblescheduling,homestays,excursions,andculturalclasses.Describesratesandprogramsfortravellersandforresidents.

title:	Guadalajara Language Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FJalisco%2FLocalities%2FGuadalajara%2FEducation%2FSpanish_Language_Instruction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fglc.com.mx%2F
desc:	Offersinstructionandhomestays.Describesprogramsandcommunities.

title:	IMAC: Instituto Mexico Americano de Cultura 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FJalisco%2FLocalities%2FGuadalajara%2FEducation%2FSpanish_Language_Instruction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spanish-school.com.mx%2F
desc:	Offersinformationabouttotalimmersionprogramofintensiveinstruction.

title:	English Teachers in Moldova 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FMoldova%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fmoldova-english%2F
desc:	Anon-commercialemaildiscussionlistspecificallytosupportTEFLinMoldova.

title:	Alumni.net Directory of American School of Guadalajara Alumni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FJalisco%2FLocalities%2FGuadalajara%2FEducation%2FPrimary_and_Secondary_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alumni.net%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FJalisco%2FGuadalajara%2FAmerican_School_of_Guadalajara%2F
desc:	Requiresfreeregistrationtoviewlistofalumni.

title:	American School Foundation of Guadalajara 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FJalisco%2FLocalities%2FGuadalajara%2FEducation%2FPrimary_and_Secondary_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwarrior.asfg.mx%2F
desc:	Private,non-profit,non-sectarian,accreditedinstitutionofferingAmerican-styleeducationgradespre-kindergartenthrough12thgrade.

title:	American School of Guadalajara, Unofficial Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FJalisco%2FLocalities%2FGuadalajara%2FEducation%2FPrimary_and_Secondary_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stirlinglaw.com%2Fescuela.htm
desc:	BruceStirling'sunofficialAmericanSchoolofGuadalajarasite.Reunions,photos,alumni,guestbook.

title:	Zamorano 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FHonduras%2FZamorano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zamorano.edu%2F
desc:	PanAmericanSchoolofAgricultureofferingfour-yeardegreeprograms.Informationaboutacademics,studentlife,admissionsandtuition,outreachprograms,newsandevents.

title:	Amigos del Sol 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FOaxaca%2FLocalities%2FOaxaca%2FEducation%2FSpanish_Language_Instruction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oaxacanews.com%2Famigosdelsol.htm
desc:	Offerssmallgroupinstructionatanylevel,withvocabularyandgrammarsegments.Theydescribetheirpricingaswellasoptionalhomestaysandculturalactivities.

title:	Becari Language School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FOaxaca%2FLocalities%2FOaxaca%2FEducation%2FSpanish_Language_Instruction&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.becari.com.mx%2F
desc:	DescribesSpanishclassesatseverallevelsandintensities,withinformationoncurriculumandonhomestays.[English/Spanish/German]

title:	The University for Peace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversity_for_Peace&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upeace.org%2F
desc:	Graduatelevelstudiesandmaster'sdegreeprogramsininternationallawandpeace.Includesinformationaboutthefaculty,worldwidestudyprograms,internationalnews,andanonlinelibraryresource.

title:	Academic Programmes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversity_for_Peace&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upeace.org%2Facademic%2F
desc:	InformationabouttheMaster'sprogrammes.Includesdegreeplans,coreandspecializedcourses,departmentandfacultyinfo,andadmissionsrequirements.

title:	Peace & Conflict Review 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversity_for_Peace&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.review.upeace.org%2F
desc:	Openaccessjournaldedicatedtothepublicationofhighqualityacademicarticlesinthefieldofpeaceandconflictstudies.

title:	Peace and Conflict Monitor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversity_for_Peace&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monitor.upeace.org%2F
desc:	AmonthlypublicationoftheUniversity.Includesspecialreports,currentnews,editorialandcomment.

title:	UPEACE Centre for Executive and Professional Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversity_for_Peace&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centre.upeace.org%2F
desc:	Deliverscoursestoleadersfromaroundtheworldtodevelopkeyleadershipskillsthroughinterculturalcommunication,negotiationandconflictresolution,andteambuilding.

title:	UPEACE Human Rights Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversity_for_Peace&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hrc.upeace.org%2F
desc:	Promoteshumanrightseducation,training,researchandawarenessraisingactivities.

title:	UPEACE Online Resource Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversity_for_Peace&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upeace.org%2Fupeace-tools%2Flibrary
desc:	TheLibraryprovidesaccesstonetworkbasedfulltextdigitalinformationresources,selectedUPEACEvideoandaudioinformationresources,andacomputerlabwithinternetaccessandonlinelibraryreferenceservices.Thebookcollectionofapproximately20,000volumesiscomplementedbysubscriptionstojournalsinprintandelectronicformat.

title:	Universidad Veritas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversidad_Veritas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uveritas.ac.cr%2F
desc:	Universityofart,designandarchitecture.Includesdescriptionsoftheacademicprogramsandinfoaboutthelibrary,artgalleries,computerandphotographylabs.

title:	Florida State University Panama 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FFlorida_State_University_Panama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpanama.fsu.edu%2F
desc:	AwardsAssociate'sdegreesandBachelor'sdegreesintheareasofComputerScienceEnvironmentalStudies,InformationStudies,InternationalAffairs,LatinAmericanandCaribbeanStudies,andSocialSciences.

title:	Sacred Heart Junior College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FBelize%2FSacred_Heart_Junior_College&url=http%3A%2F%2Fshjc.edu.bz%2F
desc:	Offersassociatesdegrees.Includesinfoabouttheacademicprograms,courseoutlines,andadmissionsrequirements.

title:	Galen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FBelize%2FGalen_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galen.edu.bz%2F
desc:	Undergraduateandgraduatelevelprogramsinbusiness,artsandsciencesandsports.Includesacademicsandcurriculum,admissionscriteria,studentaffairsandcampusfacilities,newsandevents.

title:	St. John's College Centre For Business & Career Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FBelize%2FSt._John%27s_Junior_College&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjc.edu.bz%2Fcareerservices%2F
desc:	Assistsstudentsandalumniindeveloping,evaluating,andimplementingcareer,education,andemploymentdecisionstoempowerstudentstoapplytheiracademicexperiencestotheworldofworkandthecommunity-at-large.

title:	Central America Health Sciences University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FBelize%2FCentral_America_Health_Sciences_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cahsu.edu%2F
desc:	Degreeprogramsinbasicandclinicalmedicalsciences.Providescurriculumandcoursedescriptions,admissionsrequirements,studentsandcountryinfo.

title:	Universidad Latina de Costa Rica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversidad_Latina_de_Costa_Rica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ulatina.ac.cr%2F
desc:	Aprivateuniversitywith7campuses.Undergraduateandgraduateprogramsinvariousfieldsofstudy.Includesadmissionrequirementsandonlinecourseregistration.

title:	Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FSmithsonian_Tropical_Research_Institute&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stri.si.edu%2F
desc:	Offersgraduateandpost-doctoralfellowshipsintropicalbiologyresearchattheBarroColoradoNatureMonumentinPanama.

title:	Biological Dynamics of Forest Fragments Project (BDFFP) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FSmithsonian_Tropical_Research_Institute&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpdbff.inpa.gov.br%2F
desc:	AcollaborativeresearchprojectbetweentheSmithsonianInstitutionandtheBrazilianInstituteforResearchintheAmazon.Includesinformationonthestudyarea,coursesandresearch.[English/Portuguese]

title:	Center for Tropical Forest Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FSmithsonian_Tropical_Research_Institute&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctfs.si.edu%2F
desc:	Aseriesofcomparative,long-termstudiesoftropicalforestdiversityandchangeinAsia,Africa,andLatinAmerica.Includesstatisticsfromfieldsites,maps,newsandavailabledata.

title:	Panama Canal Island a Paradise For Tropical Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FSmithsonian_Tropical_Research_Institute&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.nationalgeographic.com%2Fnews%2F2003%2F04%2F0424_030424_panama.html
desc:	ANationalGeographicNewsarticleabouttheislandofBarroColoradointhemiddleofthePanamaCanal,thesiteofscientistsatworkfortheSmithsonianInstitution'sTropicalResearchInstitute.

title:	Panama: Bridge of Life Museum of Biodiversity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FSmithsonian_Tropical_Research_Institute&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biomuseopanama.org%2F
desc:	TheBridgeofLifeprojectisbeingdevelopedwiththecooperationoftheSmithsonianInstitute,theUniversidadofPanama,andtheARI(InteroceanicRegionAuthority).Includesinformationaboutthebuildingandtheexhibits.

title:	STRI - Visit Us 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FSmithsonian_Tropical_Research_Institute&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stri.org%2Fenglish%2Fvisit_us%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheaffiliatedfacilities,researchstations,laboratories,andlibrary.

title:	STRI Research Programs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FPanama%2FSmithsonian_Tropical_Research_Institute&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stri.org%2Fenglish%2Fresearch%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationabouttherangeofresearchatSTRI.Includesinfoaboutarchaeologyandanthropology,behavior,conservation,ecologyandevolution.Alsoincludesdetailsontheoperationsandlocationsoftheirterrestrialandmarinefacilities.

title:	Center for Research on Tropical Bees and Beekeeping 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversidad_Nacional&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.una.ac.cr%2Fcinat%2F
desc:	Informationonthelocation,activities,research,publicationsandstaff.

title:	CIMAR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FUniversidad_de_Costa_Rica&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cimar.ucr.ac.cr%2F
desc:	Amultidisciplinary,scientificresearchunitwhichcarriesoutprojects,programsandsupportmodulesrelatedtothemarineandfreshwaterenvironmentsinthecountry.

title:	Inter-American Institute of Human Rights 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FInter-American_Institute_of_Human_Rights&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iidh.ed.cr%2F
desc:	Anindependentinternationalacademicinstitutionandcenterforteaching,researchandpromotionofhumanrights.Informationaboutpublications,thelibrary,newsandactivities.

title:	Esepa Seminary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FEsepa_Seminary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esepa.org%2F
desc:	Offersbachelor'sandmaster'sprogramsaspreparationforpastorsandtrans-culturalworkersoftheevangelicalChurch.[English/Spanish]

title:	INCAE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FINCAE&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.incae.edu%2F
desc:	Aprivate,non-profit,higher-educationorganizationdevotedtoteachingandresearchendeavorsinthefieldsofbusinessandeconomics.Infoaboutthecampus,libraryandresearchcenter.

title:	Organization for Tropical Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FOrganization_for_Tropical_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fots.ac.cr%2F
desc:	Anon-profitconsortiumof63universitiesandresearchinstitutions.Conductsgraduateandundergraduateeducation,facilitatesresearch,participatesintropicalforestconservation,maintainsthreebiologicalstationsinCostaRicaandconductsenvironmentaleducationprograms.

title:	EARTH University Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FEarth_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earth.ac.cr%2F
desc:	ProvidesfinancialassistanceandothersupportfortheprogramsandinitiativesofEARTHUniversity.Includesinformationaboutscholarshipanddevelopmentprograms,donationandcontactinfo.

title:	EARTH's International Academic Programs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FEarth_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studyabroadearth.org%2F
desc:	Describesinternships,studentexchange,sabbaticalsforprofessors,summercourses,andprofessionalpracticumforinternationalstudents.

title:	NASA - New Book Captures Costa Rica In Space Photography 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FEarth_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nasa.gov%2Fhome%2Fhqnews%2F2004%2Fjan%2FHQ_04011_costa_rica.html
desc:	NASAscientistsandCostaRicanstudentshavecollaboratedtopublishanewbookthatcaptureschangesoverthepasttwodecadesintheenvironmentandgeographyofCostaRica,asphotographedbyastronautsfromspace.

title:	Universidad Francisco Marroquin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FGuatemala%2FFrancisco_Marroquin_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ufm.edu%2F
desc:	Aprivateuniversityofferingundergraduateandgraduatedegreeprograms.Providesacademicdisciplines,calendarinfo,admissionspolicyandrequirements.

title:	CATIE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FCATIE_Centro_Agronomica_Tropical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.catie.ac.cr%2F
desc:	Aresearchandeducationcenterwithafocusonpostgraduatestudiesinforestryandagroforestry.Informationonthecourses,libraryandresearchprojects.

title:	Universidad de San Carlos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FCentral_America%2FGuatemala%2FUniversidad_de_San_Carlos&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usac.edu.gt%2F
desc:	Listsonlineservices,howtoenroll,andlocations.

title:	University of Guadalajara 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FMexico%2FStates%2FJalisco%2FLocalities%2FGuadalajara%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nrcsa.com%2Fnh_df%2F5042%2F5042index.html
desc:	InformationaboutForeignStudentStudiesCenter.

title:	Academia Britanica Cuscatleca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FEl_Salvador%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abc.edu.sv%2F
desc:	SantaTecla.PreKto12thgradebilingualschool.Includesinformationonacademicprogramsandadmissions,aswellasschoolnewsandsports.

title:	El Salvador Spanish Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FEl_Salvador%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salvaspan.com%2F
desc:	CoursesinSantaAna,SanSalvador,andPuertoLaLibertad.Describesformat,homestayandexcursionoptions,withonlineapplication.[English/German]

title:	Teachers for a Better Belize 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FBelize%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tfabb.org%2F
desc:	AU.S.nonprofitorganizationthatcoordinatesteachertrainingworkshopsintheToledoregionofBelize.Theydescribetheirworkandhowtogetinvolved.

title:	Tropical Biodiversity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FCentral_America%2FCosta_Rica%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hjimenez.org%2F
desc:	Dr.HumbertoJimenez-Saaofferscoursesintropicaldendrologyandbirding.Includescoursecurriculumandfees,teachingmethodologyforfieldidentification,botanicallabelingandfieldmanuals.

title:	Europees Platform voor het Nederlandse Onderwijs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FEuropa%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europeesplatform.nl%2F
desc:	VoorversterkingvandeEuropesedimensieenbevorderingvandeinternationaliseringvanhetNederlandseonderwijs.Doelgroepenzijnprimaironderwijs,voortgezetonderwijs,volwasseneneducatie,lerarenopleidingenendebve-sector(Socrates).

title:	EuroSchool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FRegionaal%2FEuropa%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.euroschool.nl%2F
desc:	Stichtingdiezichrichtopdeinternationaliseringvanactiviteitenzoalstrainingen,seminars,studiereizenenadvisering.

title:	Eurydice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FRegionale%2FEuropa%2FIstruzione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indire.it%2Feurydice%2F
desc:	Vienepresentatalareteeuropeaperl'istruzione.

title:	Art & Metiers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FTunisia%2FLocalities%2FTunis%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artsmetiers.com%2F
desc:	Schoolofculinaryarts.[English,French]

title:	Tunis College of Sciences and Techniques 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FTunisia%2FLocalities%2FTunis%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esstt.rnu.tn%2F
desc:	Includesinformationondegreeprograms,research,industrialandeducationalpartners,andcontactinformation.[Arabic,English,French]

title:	University of Aviation and Technology. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FTunisia%2FLocalities%2FTunis%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esat.ens.tn%2F
desc:	OffersadegreeinAviationEngineeringandtrainingforaviationtechnicianandpilotlicensecertification.Includesadmissionrequirements,courseprogram,informationforforeignstudentsandcontractinformation.[English,French]

title:	American College of Higher Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americancollege.lk%2F
desc:	EducationalinstituteinSriLankaofferingAmericandegrees.Providesinstitutionalinformation,academicprograms,studentsaffairsandonlinedownloads.

title:	Arthur C Clarke Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accimt.ac.lk%2F
desc:	Offersinformationcommunicationtechnology,spacescience,electronicsandIndustrialtrainingcourses.Industrialservicedivisionoffertestandmeasurements.

title:	Education in Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srilanka-guide.org%2Feducation%2F
desc:	EducationinSriLanka.AccordingtotheSriLankanConstitution,educationisafundamentalrightofthecitizens.

title:	EduLanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edulanka.lk%2F
desc:	Provideseducationmaterials,lessonsandinformationforanykindsofstudents.

title:	Find a Teacher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fat.lk%2F
desc:	FreeandpublicSriLankanteachersdatabase.Helpsstudentstofindaperfectteacherfortheireducationalpurpose.

title:	IDM Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idm.lk%2F
desc:	AgroupofcompaniesdedicatedtoservethecomputereducationinSriLanka.Offerscompanyprofile,courses,andtrainingmaterials.

title:	Kuppiya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkuppiya.com%2F
desc:	OffersfreelearningvideosinSinhalaandEnglish.

title:	The Lanka Academic Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lacnet.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitvolunteerrunSriLankawebPortal.ProvidesaidtoimproveeducationthroughtheinternetforstudentsinSriLanka.AresourceforSriLankanewsanddirectory.

title:	Royal College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.royalcollege.lk%2F
desc:	ThepremierprimaryandsecondaryeducationalinstitutioninSriLanka.

title:	Sakya Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sakya.edu.lk%2F
desc:	AcademyofhighereducationforGCEadvancedlevelstudents.Providesacademicinformationrelatedtotheinstitute.

title:	School of Media Arts and Management Sri lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesmam.com%2F
desc:	Aninstituteforprofessionalmedia,journalismandadvertisingstudies.Includesschoolbackground,informationaboutcoursesoffered,andonlineregistrationform.

title:	Unity High School, Khartoum, Sudan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FSudan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unityhighschool.org%2F
desc:	AnEnglishmediumschoolinKhartoumforages6to16culminatingintheIGCSEexaminationsfromCambridgeUniversity.

title:	Rwanda School Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FRwanda%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Frwandaschoolproject.org%2F
desc:	ALutheranChurchprojectthatplanstocreateajunior-seniorhighschoolinRwandawithacurriculumfocusonsustainability.Pageincludeslistofstaffandwaystohelp.

title:	Cultural Office of the Embassy of Oman in Washington DC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omani.info%2F
desc:	EducationarmoftheembassyoftheSultanateofOmaninWashingtonD.C.HandlesOmanischolarshipandprivatestudentsintheUSAandCanada.

title:	The Sultan's School, Seeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FOman%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sultansschool.org%2F
desc:	InformationonTheSultan'sSchoolinOman.Calendar,pictures,schoolnews.

title:	The British Council Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishcouncil.uz%2F
desc:	HelpspeoplewhowanttoworkwithusonjointBritishUzbekprojectsandareseekinginformationoninstitutions,individualsorsystems.

title:	English Teachers in Uzbekistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fuzbekistan-english%2F
desc:	Anon-commercialemaildiscussionlistspecificallytosupportEnglishteachers(ESL/TESL/EFL/TEFL)inUzbekistan.

title:	Tashkent International School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tashschool.org%2F
desc:	SchoolofferscombinedelementaryandhighschoolprogramsinEnglishbasedontheUScurriculum.

title:	Building  Malawi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FMalawi%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buildingmalawi.com%2F
desc:	UKbasedcharitythatbuildsschoolsandlibrariesinLilongwe.Siteincludesthecharity'sprojectsandinformation,donations,volunteerinformation,photos,andvideos.

title:	Buncoalumni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FMalawi%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbuncoalumni.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Siteforstudents,graduatesandfacultymembersofBundaCollegeofAgriculture.

title:	Ganet's Adventure School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FMalawi%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ganetsadventureschool.org%2F
desc:	VillageprimaryschoolinMkondezivillageinnorthernMalawi.Itreceivesnogovernmentfundingandneedsoutsidecontributionstofunction.Includesinformationontheschoolandhowmembersofthepubliccanhelp.

title:	Malawi SDNP: Education in Malawi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FMalawi%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdnp.org.mw%2FEdu-index2010.html
desc:	Containseducationrelatednewsitemsandmoregeneralinformationontheeducationsystem.IncludesthefulltextoftheNationalEducationSectorPlan2008-2017.

title:	Nansambo School Malawi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FMalawi%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nansamboschoolmalawi.co.uk%2F
desc:	JohnandJaneTobinhavesetupafundtosupportthisschoolwhichhasover1000pupilsbetweentheagesof6and14.Includeinformationontheschoolandwhatisbeingdonetohelp.

title:	University of Malawi: Chancellor College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FMalawi%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chanco.unima.mw%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationonthiscollegelocatedinZombaincludingfaculties,departmentsandadministration.

title:	Al-Bayan Bilingual School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbs.edu.kw%2F
desc:	Institutionfoundedin1977providinguniversitypreparatoryeducationtoboysandgirls;findoutaboutadmissions,academics,andjobopenings.

title:	The American Academy for Girls 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aag.edu.kw%2F
desc:	SchooldesignedtoservetheneedsofgirlsintheKuwaitcommunitywhoaspiretoanAmericaneducation.Includesfacilitiestourandcurriculum.

title:	The American Bilingual School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abs.edu.kw%2F
desc:	UtilizesacombinationoftheOntarioandKuwaitMinistryofEducationcurriculum.Includesdetailsonacademics,admissions,andactivities.

title:	Canadian Bilingual School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbskuwait.com%2F
desc:	Schoolprofile,missionstatement,curriculumandresources,admissionprocedure,photogallery,andcontactdetails.

title:	College of Engineering and Petroleum at Kuwait University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eng.kuniv.edu%2F
desc:	Includesdetailsonprograms,academicsandadmissions,degreesoffered,anddownloads.

title:	The English School Kuwait 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tes.edu.kw%2F
desc:	Private,non-profit,co-educationalpreparatoryschoolwhichprovidesBritisheducationforchildrenbetweentheagesof3and13years.Includesdirections,detailsonacademicsandadmissions,andjobopenings.

title:	Gulf British Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gulfbritishacademy.com%2F
desc:	Schoolprofile,missionstatement,academicprogramme,photogallery,andcontactdetails.

title:	Kuwait English School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kes.edu.kw%2F
desc:	Co-educationalinstitutionforstudentsthreethrougheighteenyearsinSalmiya;includeshistory,detailsonacademicsandadmissions,events,andphotogallery.

title:	Kuwait University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kuniv.edu%2F
desc:	Universityprofile,facultyinformation,newsandevents,administration,andcontactdetails.[English/Arabic]

title:	Public Authority for Applied Education and Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FMiddle_East%2FKuwait%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paaet.edu.kw%2F
desc:	Includesdetailsonprograms,studentaffairs,admissions,studenthandbook,anddirectory.

title:	Association for International Relations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.air.org.ge%2F
desc:	Carriesouteducationalandtrainingprogramsininternationalaffairs,diplomacyandnationalsecurity.

title:	International Institute for Education Policy, Planning and Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eppm.org.ge%2F
desc:	Non-governmentorganizationdedicatedtoimprovingthequalityoftheGeorgianeducationsystem.Missionstatement,projectinformationanddetailsofthecurrentsituation.

title:	International Research & Exchange Board 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FGeorgia%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irex.ge%2F
desc:	AdministerstrainingprojectsandassociatedgrantprogramsforprofessionalsinGeorgia.Overviewofprojects.

title:	Technical co-operation projects - Central African Republic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAfrica%2FCentral_African_Republic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unesco.org%2Feducation%2Finformation%2F50y%2Fproj_50%2Fafrica%2Faf_centr.htm
desc:	PresentsadirectoryofprojectsrelatedtoeducationwhichhavebeenimplementedwithhelpofUNESCOandfinancedfromextra-budgetaryfunds.

title:	EH-Mat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDansk%2FVidenskab%2FMatematik%2FUddannelse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eh-mat.dk%2F
desc:	Arbejdermedundervisningsmaterialeogkurseromkringmatematik.

title:	The Math Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themathpage.com%2F
desc:	Arithmetic,algebra,geometry,trigonometryandcalculuslessons.FromLawrenceSpectorfromtheBoroughofManhattanCommunityCollege,TheCityUniversityofNewYork.

title:	Alasdair's Musings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Famca01.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Ablogdiscussingmattersrelatingtomathematicseducation,mainlyatthetertiarylevel,withdiscussionsonsoftware,andsometimesfromanAustralianperspective.

title:	Answering Mathematics Helper 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.answermath.com%2F
desc:	Exercisetooltopracticeaddition,subtraction,multiplication,division,trigonometryandfuzzylogicproblems.

title:	Better Explained 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbetterexplained.com%2F
desc:	Descriptionsofavarietyoftopicsfromarithmetictocalculususingexamplesandhistoricalconnotations.Includesgraphsanddiagrams.

title:	BrainTrax 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbraintrax.mst.edu%2F
desc:	Offersassistanceinalgebra,geometry,trigonometryandcalculus.Containsreal-worldexamples,detailedexampleproblems,andinteractivefeatures.InternetExplorer5.0+onaWindowsPCisrequired.

title:	Bymath.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bymath.com%2F
desc:	Onlinemathematicalhighschool.Includessectionsofcurriculumofelementarymathematicsandpracticetests.

title:	Canadian Mathematical Society - Math Projects for Science Fairs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcms.math.ca%2FEducation%2Fmpsf%2F
desc:	Offersideasforcontestantsforvarioustopicssuchasnumbers,timescheduling,games,geometry,andcombinatorics.

title:	Children's Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrens-mathematics.net%2F
desc:	Anetworkofteachers,educatorsandstudentsinterestedinsupportinganddevelopingchildren'searlygraphicinterpretationsofmathematicalconcepts.

title:	Chisenbop Tutorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.iupui.edu%2F%7Eaharris%2Fchis%2Fchis.html
desc:	AmethodofdoingbasicarithmeticusingthefingersthatisattributedtotheKoreantradition.

title:	Common Errors in Undergraduate Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.vanderbilt.edu%2F%7Eschectex%2Fcommerrs%2F
desc:	Describestheerrorsseenmostfrequentlyinundergraduatemathematics,themostlikelycausesandremedies.Avoidtheseinordertoimproveclassperformance.

title:	Computer Based Math 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcomputerbasedmath.org%2F
desc:	Projecttorebuildmathematicseducationwithcomputer-basedcomputation.

title:	Coolmath.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coolmath.com%2F
desc:	Anamusementparkofmathematics.Puzzlesandnumberproblems,fractals,geometry,calculus,algebra,onlinegames,onlinecalculators,andlinks.

title:	Cornell University: Historical Math Monographs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistorical.library.cornell.edu%2Fmath%2F
desc:	DigitalimagesofmanyfamousandimportantmathtextsIndexedbyauthorandtitle.

title:	Count On 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.counton.org%2F
desc:	Featuresgames,puzzlesandcompetitionsforallages.Detailsofevents,anonlinemathsmuseum,newspaperandmagazines.Resourcesforparentsandteachers.

title:	Create a Test 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.createatest.co.uk%2F
desc:	GeneratesGCSEandIGCSEmathspapersonrequest,forusinginsecondaryschools.

title:	Curious Math 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.curiousmath.com%2F
desc:	Tricksandrulesforquicklycalculatingcertaintypesofproblems.Alsohassomeentertainingtriviaandfactsthatarenicetoslipintocasualconversation.

title:	Cut the Knot: Interactive Mathematics Miscellany and Puzzles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcut-the-knot.com%2F
desc:	Featuresinstructionalgamesandpuzzlesbasedonavarietyofmathtopics.Includesmoreseriousarticlesaboutthelanguageofmathandrelatedlinks.

title:	Cynthia Lanius: Fractals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmath.rice.edu%2F%7Elanius%2Ffrac%2F
desc:	Featuresclassexercisesandlessonsormakingfractals.Includesexplanationofthisuniqueimageandtypesofformulasthatareusedtocreateit.

title:	Dyscalculia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dyscalculiainfo.org%2F
desc:	Explainswhatthismathlearningdifficultyis,signsofachildhavingthisdisease,andbasicscreeningtopics.

title:	Dyscalculia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dyscalculia.org%2F
desc:	Learningdisabilitythatinvertsnumeraldigits,makingitdifficulttodobasicmathfunctions.Teachingandlearningtipsformemorizingformulas;workingonexercisesandtakingtests;articlesonlearningdisorders;linkstorelatedresources.

title:	GCSE Maths Revision 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.revisionworld.co.uk%2Fgcse-revision%2Fmaths
desc:	Featuresbriefreviewsofbasicmathconcepts,fromnumbersandfractionstoprobabilityandstatistics.Also,includesformulapageandhelpforum.

title:	Gelatinous Vector Components 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madsci.org%2Fexperiments%2Farchive%2F854443128.Ma.html
desc:	MeantforGrade7-9(age12-14),youngerandolder.Thisexperimentdemonstratesthexandycomponentsofavectorforce.

title:	Interactive Math Server 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwims.unice.fr%2F%7Ewims%2Fwims.cgi
desc:	Interactiveexercises,onlinecalculatorsandplotters,mathematicalrecreations.AvailableinFrenchandEnglish.

title:	An Invitation To Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Flearnmath%2F
desc:	Afreetutorialthatexplainsdifficultalgebra,trigonometryandcalculusconceptstobeginningmiddle/highschoolstudentsinasimplifiedwaythattheycanunderstandanduse.

title:	K-12 Activities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyu.edu%2Fpages%2Fmathmol%2FK_12.html
desc:	MathMol(MathematicsandMolecules)isdesignedtoserveasanintroductorystartingpointforK-12studentsandteachersinterestedinthefieldofmolecularmodelinganditsapplicationtomathematics.

title:	Keith Devlin - The Math Guy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stanford.edu%2F%7Ekdevlin%2FMathGuy.html
desc:	TheprofessorisaregularvisitortoNPR'sWeekendEdition,wherehediscussesmathtopics,bothpopularandtheoretical.IncludeslinkstoNPRsegmentsforthisshowsince1995.

title:	The Living Mathematics Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsunsite.ubc.ca%2FLivingMathematics%2FV001N01%2FUBCExamples%2F
desc:	WorkingtoapplyrecentadvancesincomputerprogramminglanguagesandthetechnologyoftheWorldWideWebtoconstructanewmediumforthecommunicationofMathematics.Includeslinkstoseveralvisualizationsites.[Java.]

title:	Math and Other Resources for New Chicago Teachers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gocatgo.com%2Fmath%2Fmath.resources.html
desc:	LinkstoresourcesonmathandteachingmathinChicagopublicschools.

title:	Math as Language 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cut-the-knot.com%2Flanguage%2Findex.shtml
desc:	Abriefdiscussionofmathlingoandhowitisdifferentfromregularcommunications.Includesadditionalresourcelinks.

title:	Math Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mathcentre.ac.uk%2F
desc:	FreemathematicssupportmaterialsforUKuniversityprofessionalsandstudents.

title:	Math Forum Quick Reference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmathforum.org%2Fspecial.html
desc:	ResourcesforteachingalllevelsofK-12math.

title:	Math Help 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2F2000clicks.com%2FMathHelp%2F
desc:	Tipsandtechniquesforsixthgrademaththroughhighschool,andoffersone-on-onehelpformathstudentsusingavarietyofmethods.

title:	Math in Daily Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learner.org%2Finteractives%2Fdailymath%2F
desc:	Virtualexhibitlooksatthewayspeopleusematheveryday,fromcookingtoplanningforretirement.Offersteacherslabsandworkshops.

title:	Math Magic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmathforum.org%2Fmathmagic%2F
desc:	K-12telecommunicationsprojectmotivatesstudentstousecomputertechnologywhileincreasingproblem-solvingstrategiesandcommunicationsskills.Postschallengesinfourcategories(k-3,4-6,7-9and10-12)totriggereachregisteredteamtopairupwithanotherteamandengageinaproblem-solvingdialog.

title:	Math Skills 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hull.ac.uk%2Fmathskills%2F
desc:	Providesregularnewsletters,surveydata,adiscussiongroupandconferencedetails,aswellasresourcelists.

title:	Math.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.com%2F
desc:	Homeworkhelp,tutoring,andformulas.

title:	Mathematics Learning and Assessment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hull.ac.uk%2Fmathskills%2Fthemes%2Ftheme3%2Fmathskill.html
desc:	SharingInnovativePractices.AreportoninnovationsatvariousUKuniversities.

title:	The Mathematics of Cartography 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmath.rice.edu%2F%7Elanius%2Fpres%2Fmap%2F
desc:	Learningmaththroughmaps.

title:	Mathematics Reference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alcyone.com%2Fmax%2Freference%2Fmaths%2Findex.html
desc:	Trigonometryidentitiesandcalculusrulesforintegrationanddifferentiation.

title:	Mathguide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mathguide.com%2F
desc:	Amathematics-related,one-stopwebsiteforinteractivelessons,puzzles,educationalissues,terminology,help,projectsandlessons.

title:	Mathnasium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mathnasium.com%2F
desc:	Offersmathtutoringforkidsfrompreschooltohighschool.LocationsacrosstheUnitedStatesandin15countriesaroundtheworld.

title:	MathSphere 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mathsphere.com%2F
desc:	Forteachersandparentstodownloadpracticeworksheetsandteststoimprovechildren'sachievement.Competitions,children'spagesandchildren'scontributions.

title:	MathWorld Interactive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmathforum.org%2Fmathworld%2F
desc:	Participatingstudentsfromallovertheworldworkonopen-endedwordproblemscalledMathWorldInteractiveChallenges.Duringthecycle,studentsdiscuss,shareideas,meeteachother,andaskquestionsontheheMathWorldInteractiveMessageBoards.

title:	MCA's Free Online Math Lessons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.staff.vu.edu.au%2Fmcaonline%2Funits%2Findex.html
desc:	Featuresselectedlearningmodulesforarithmetic,algebra,geometry,trigonometry,statisticsandprobability.Includessomeresourcelinks.

title:	Mortensen Math 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mortensenmathdirect.com%2F
desc:	Productsdesignedforamathematicscurriculumbyaneducatorandmathematician.Includesonlineactivitiesforkids.

title:	Murderous Maths 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.murderousmaths.co.uk%2F
desc:	Books,games,hints,tricks.

title:	Nabla 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nabla.hr%2F
desc:	Mathematicsonlinelearningresourceforstudentsofsecondaryschools,highschools,collegesanduniversities.

title:	Natural Math 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naturalmath.com%2F
desc:	Tocreateandthendevelopanenvironmentforlearningmathematics.Articles,softwaretoolsandlinks.

title:	Navigational Vectors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k12science.org%2Fcurriculum%2Fvectors%2F
desc:	Interactivesiteallowsstudentstosolvearealworldproblemusingscienceandmathematics.Learnaboutvectorsbyusingreal-timeweathermapsandbytrackingrealplanesflyingintheU.S.skies.

title:	Newsgroup k12.ed.math 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thinkspot.net%2Fk12math%2F
desc:	Webpageforthenewsgroupk12.ed.math.Containsthecharter,FAQandotherinformationaboutthenewsgroup.

title:	NRICH 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnrich.maths.org%2F
desc:	Onlineresourceforlearnersandteachers,featuringgroupsofthemedproblems,children'ssolutionsandsupportforteachers.

title:	Numeracy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmathforum.org%2Fepigone%2Fnumeracy%2F
desc:	Thoseinterestedandinvolvedinadultmathematicalliteracymayfindhelpfulinputatthenumeracydiscussionlist.

title:	The Online Math Tests Home Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmathonline.missouri.edu%2F
desc:	Containsinteractivetestsinalgebra,geometryandtrigonometryforstudentspreparingtogotocollege.

title:	The Online Test Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saab.org%2Fsaab_org.cgi
desc:	Interactivemathematicsandverbalonlinetests.

title:	Pre-Sessional Maths 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lboro.ac.uk%2Ffaculty%2Feng%2Fmaths%2F
desc:	RefresherprogrammeatLoughboroughUniversity.

title:	Primary Arithmetic, or Math 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww3.telus.net%2Fpublic%2Fm.games%2Fwelcome.html
desc:	Fourbookletsthatonecaneasilycopy:oneofmathgamesforages4-8,twoaboutteachingearlymath,andonethatismoregeneral.Someworksheets,numbercharts.

title:	Problem of the Week 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theproblemsite.com%2Fproblems%2Fmaml%2F
desc:	Creativeandchallengingmathproblemsappropriateforhighschoolstudents,updatedoften(usuallyweekly).Questionsarearchived.

title:	Project Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Flinks.math.rpi.edu%2F
desc:	Containsmodulesforprobabilityandstatistics,discreetmath,linearsystemsandadvancedcalculus.DevelopedbytheRensselaerPolytechnicInstitute.

title:	QELP Web Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seattlecentral.org%2Fqelp%2F
desc:	QuantitativeEnvironmentalLearningProject(QELP)atSeattleCentralCommunityCollege.Resourcestointegratemathandenvironmentalscienceincollegeclassrooms.

title:	Reaching the Second Tier: Learning and Teaching Styles in College Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncsu.edu%2Ffelder-public%2FPapers%2FSecondtier.html
desc:	DiscussesthestudyconductedbySheilaTobiasabouttwogroupsofsciencestudentsthatareseparatedbypersonalmathclassexperience.Also,explainswaystodiscoverastudent'sstrongpointasfarasassimilatingandprocessingknowledge.

title:	S.O.S. Math 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sosmath.com%2F
desc:	Containstutorialscoveringalgebra,geometry,calculus,differentialequations,matrices,andcomplexvariables.Reviewsthemostimportantresults,techniquesandformulas.Presentedinworksheetformatandrequireactiveparticipation.Includespracticequizzesandforumboard.

title:	SimCalc Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.simcalc.umassd.edu%2F
desc:	Proposesademocritizationofthelearningofcalculusthroughacombinationoftechnologyandcurriculumreform.Mainfocusistomakebasicconceptsaccessibletoavarietyofstudentsbyusingamoreintuitiveapproach.Includesinformationaboutcurrentschoolprojects.Also,listsonlinepublications(inPDFformat).

title:	Slates, Sliderules and Software - Teaching Math in America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Famericanhistory.si.edu%2Fteachingmath%2Fhtml%2F101.htm
desc:	Coverstheuseofchalkboards,geometricalmodels,rulers,and,calculatorsandcomputerstoassisttheteachingofmathematicalconcepts.ExplainstheoverseasinfluenceineducationandAmerica'sadditionalcontributiontotheuseofthesetools.ArticleisfromtheSmithsonianInstitute.

title:	The STIMULUS Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stimulus.maths.org%2F
desc:	STIMULUS-peerassistedlearning(PAL)throughvisitstoschools.Universitystudentsvisitschoolstosharewithschoolstudentstheirenthusiasmforscience,engineering,computers,mathematicsormedicalsciencesand,guidedbyexperiencedteachers,toassistthepupilsintheirschoolwork.

title:	The Student Support Centre (UK) Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.student-support.co.uk%2F
desc:	HomebasedlearningmaterialstosupplementclassroomworkusingMathsandEnglishvideosforages5-18.Withover40,000studentstheresultsspeakforthemselves.

title:	Study Skills Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brunel.ac.uk%2F%7Emastmmg%2Fssguide%2Fsshome.htm
desc:	AnelectronicguidetosomeofthebestwaystostudybyMartinGreenhow,BrunelUniversity.

title:	Super Maths World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.supermathsworld.com%2F
desc:	Interactivemathsgames.

title:	Teachers' Lab - Patterns in Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learner.org%2Fteacherslab%2Fmath%2Fpatterns%2Findex.html
desc:	Teachersexplorehowpatternsoccurinnumbersandinwordsinthisinteractivelab.

title:	Transum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transum.org%2FSoftware%2F
desc:	Freemathsteachingandlearningresourcesdesignedforbothstudentsandteachersinupperprimaryandlowersecondaryschools.Includesthe"StarteroftheDay".

title:	Truth About Math Standards and Math Reform 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wgquirk.com%2F
desc:	EssaysopposedtoNCTMStandards-basedmathreform,withanumberofessaysbyBillQuirk.

title:	Vectors by the University of Guelph 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physics.uoguelph.ca%2Ftutorials%2Fvectors%2Fvectors.html
desc:	Explanationsnotations,arithmeticoperations,rulesandtherelationshiptoCartesiangraphs.

title:	Visual Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fvismath%2F
desc:	VisualMathematicsisaforumforthedialoguebetweenartistsandscientists.

title:	Waldomaths 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waldomaths.com%2F
desc:	InteractivemathematicswithJavaappletsandvideos,writtenbyateacher,fortheteachingandindependentlearningofsecondary-levelmathematics.

title:	The Wonders of Vedic Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvedmaths.tripod.com%2F
desc:	AnalternativewayoflearningmathematicsbasedonSanskritreligioustexts.

title:	Xocxoc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmathmistakes.com%2F
desc:	Glossaryofmathematicalmistakes;quotes;puzzlesandproblems;links.

title:	The British Council - Albania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FAlbania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishcouncil.al%2F
desc:	Educationalandculturalrelationsorganization.Includesinformationonservices,projectsandevents.

title:	The Lincoln Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FAlbania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lincolnalbania.org%2F
desc:	Aimstoprovidewithmarketableskillsandtoreinforcemoralvalues.Includesinformationontheorganization,foreignlanguageandAlbanianforforeignersclasses,andcomputerclassesandcertification.

title:	Ajarn.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ajarn.com%2F
desc:	GuidetolivinginThailandandteachingEnglish.Languageschools,TEFLandTESOLcourses,anddiscussionboard.

title:	Golden Jubilee Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FThailand%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkanchanapisek.or.th%2Findex.en.html
desc:	Anonlinemass-educationalprojectinitiatedbyHerRoyalHighnessPrincessMahaChakriSirindhorn.

title:	Academia Sinica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sinica.edu.tw%2F
desc:	thehighestacademicinstitutionintheRepublicofChina,founded1928

title:	British Council in Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britishcouncil.org.tw%2F
desc:	InformationabouttheBritishCouncilanditsactivitiesinTaiwan.

title:	Da Tung Elementary School, Miaoli County, Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.datunges.mlc.edu.tw%2F
desc:	Publicelementaryschool.Englishversionavailable.

title:	I-Shou International School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isis.ks.edu.tw%2F
desc:	Aprivate,bilingualK-12schoollocatedinKaohsiungCounty.CoursestaughtinChineseandAmericanEnglish.

title:	Jodie's Kitchen Cooking School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkitchen.j321.com%2F
desc:	Cookingschool,restaurantandcateringserviceinTaipei.TeachesChinese,Taiwanese,Thai,European,vegetarian,andfusioncooking.SitealsocontainsrecipesandinEnglishandChinese.

title:	Ministry of Education, Taiwan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenglish.moe.gov.tw%2F
desc:	EducationdepartmentofthegovernmentofTaiwan,Englishversion.Educationsystem,information,statistics,regulations,publications.

title:	National Taiwan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntu.edu.tw%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	FlagshippublicUniversityinTaiwan.InformationforinternationalandTaiwanesescholarsandeducatorsinEnglish.OffersdegreesandprogramstaughtinEnglish.

title:	Accademia belle arti Santa Giulia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accademiasantagiulia.it%2F
desc:	[Brescia]L'istitutopresentalastruttura,idocenti,icorsi,informazioniperleiscrizioniedimmaginidelleopererealizzatedaglistudenti.

title:	Accademia di Belle Arti di Frosinone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accademiabellearti.fr.it%2F
desc:	Offreladescrizionedeicorsidistudio,informazioniutiliperglistudenti,bandidiconcorso,programmiecontatti.Permettediscaricaredocumentiutiliperleiscrizioniegliesami.

title:	Accademia di belle arti di Ravenna 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accademiabellearti.ra.it%2F
desc:	[Ravenna]Informazioniufficialidall'istitutoconindirizzi.Organizzacorsidipittura,scultura,decorazioneemosaico.

title:	Accademia italiana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accademiaitaliana.com%2F
desc:	[Firenze]Scuolainternazionaleperdesign,graficaecomunicazionevisiva,vetrinistica,disegnoepittura:programmiecalendarideicorsi.(RichiedeFlash)

title:	Art & Heart Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artandheart.it%2F
desc:	[Firenze]Vengonopresentatiicorsidipittura,aerografo,illustrazione.Immaginidialcuneopererealizzateeinformazionisuidocenti.

title:	Associazione culturale Lignarius 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lignarius.net%2F
desc:	[Roma]Organizzacorsiteoriciepratici,conferenze,mostrededicatialrestauro,allapittura,allaceramica,almosaicoedallevetrateartistiche.

title:	Associazione scuola d'arte Leonardo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.associazioni.prato.it%2Fleonardo%2F
desc:	[Prato]Presentalastoriadell'organizzazione,informazionesuisoci,calendarieprogrammideicorsi.

title:	Istituto per l'Arte e il Restauro Palazzo Spinelli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.palazzospinelli.org%2F
desc:	[Firenze]Presentazionedeicorsiaccademiciedestiviedeimasterorganizzatidallascuola.Notizie,progettispeciali,moduloperrichiedereinformazioni.

title:	Scuola di aerografo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scuoladiaerografo.it%2F
desc:	[Bologna]Corsodiaeropennaeaerografia,corsidiairbrush,doratura,tecnicheepittoriche,effettigrafici,tenutidaSillaGardenghi.

title:	Scuola Internazionale di Grafica 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FArte%2FArti_Visive%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scuolagrafica.it%2F
desc:	[Venezia]Organizzacorsiannualiedestividipittura,disegnoegraficad'arte,oltreaduncorsobiennaledigraficapubblicitariaecomunicazionivisive.Dettagliodell'offerta,programmi,calendario,iscrizionierecapiti.

title:	ARC International - The Art Renewal Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artrenewal.org%2F
desc:	Combineson-lineinternationalartnews,reviews,articles,contemporarysalonandaresearchlibraryofmasterpaintings.Thissiteisdevotedtoraising'art'standardsandgivingrecognitiontotherarequalitypaintingsoftodayandthemultitudeofyesteryear.

title:	Color Matters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colormatters.com%2F
desc:	Theconceptofcolorcanbeapproachedfromseveraldisciplines:physiology,psychology,philosophy,andart.Startingpointsforanexplorationofcolor.Explorehowcoloraffectsappetite,vision,sexuality,energyconservation,anditsrelationshiptoarchitectureandinteriordesign.

title:	Color Theory Overview and Tutorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worqx.com%2Fcolor%2F
desc:	Essaysonanumberofaspectsofthetheoryofcolorsandtheaestheticsofcolorcombinations.

title:	Creative Catalyst Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccpvideos.com%2F
desc:	ArtinstructionvideosandDVDsincludelessonsindrawing,painting,designandspecialtechniques.Artistbiographies,galleries,forum,videopreviewsandperiodiconlineartshowsopentothepublic.

title:	The Elements of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Febtx.com%2Fartfrm.htm
desc:	Afunctionalexplorationoftwodimensionalart-principallydrawingandoilpainting-basedonmyownexperienceandstudy.

title:	Leaning Post Productions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leaningpost.com%2F
desc:	Connectingwitheducation:Reachingteachers,students,andparentsthroughCD-ROMsandartandtechnologyworkshopsandservices.

title:	Rehs Galleries: Newsletter Archive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FVisual_Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rehsgalleries.com%2Fnewsletterarchives.htm
desc:	Archiveofnewslettersrelatingtothebuying,sellingandcollectingoffineart.Topicsincludebuyingatagallery,authenticity,qualityandtheartmarketvsstockmarket.Updatedmonthly.

title:	Nederlandse Sociologische Vereniging 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FMaatschappijwetenschappen%2FSociologie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsv-sociologie.nl%2F
desc:	Behartigtdebelangenvanafgestudeerdesociologen,onderzoekersendocenten.Bestuur,lidmaatschapenenkeleartikelen.

title:	SocioSite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FMaatschappijwetenschappen%2FSociologie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociosite.net%2F
desc:	Omvattendewebindexvoorsociologenenanderesocialewetenschappers.Delinkszijngecategoriseerdenvoorzienvaneentoelichting.

title:	Clubs.nl: Kathedralenbouwers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clubs.nl%2Fcommunity%2Fdefault.asp%3Fclubid%3D29674
desc:	Kunst-engeschiedenisvandeMiddeleeuwenmetaandachtvoorminiaturen,romaansekunst,historischestripverhalenenplaatjes,linksenbesprekingen.

title:	Clubs.nl: Venus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clubs.nl%2Fcommunity%2Fdefault.asp%3Fclubid%3D49220
desc:	Godinnen,mythenenvrouwelijknaaktindeschilderkunst.Plaatjes,links,besprekingenvanschilderijenenberichtenovertentoonstellingen.

title:	D'arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bureau-darts.nl%2F
desc:	Kunsthistorischadvies-enorganisatiebureau.

title:	Fondation Custodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fondationcustodia.fr%2F
desc:	DraagtzorgvoorhetbeheervandeCollectieFritsLugt,hetdaarmeesamenhangendwetenschappelijkonderzoek,hetuitgevenvanpublicatiesendeorganisatievantentoonstellingen.

title:	Kunstbeeld, kijk op kunst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kunstbeeld.com%2F
desc:	Eencursuskunstgeschiedenisdiebestaatzoweluitdekunstvandemiddeleeuwentotenmetderenaissancealskunstuitdetwintigsteeeuw.

title:	Kunsthistorische Leergangen Utrecht 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.klu.nl%2F
desc:	Reizen,cursussen,lezingenopkunsthistorischgebied.

title:	Middeleeuwse verluchte handschriften 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmanuscripts.kb.nl%2F
desc:	AfkomstigvandeNederlandseKoninklijkeBibliotheekenhetMuseumMeermanno-Westreenianum.Afbeeldingen,hunachtergrondeneneencatalogus.

title:	Onderzoekschool Kunstgeschiedenis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onderzoekschoolkunstgeschiedenis.nl%2F
desc:	Opleidings-enactiviteitenprogramma,Utrecht.

title:	Periodata 1477-1648 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FGeschiedenis&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.periodata.nl%2F
desc:	EenrelationeledatabaseoverGeschiedenisenKunst,samengestelddoorDr.G.W.Drostm.m.vDrs.M.C.M.Wishaupt.

title:	About.com: Art History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Farthistory.about.com%2F
desc:	Onlinecommunityandresourceguidefortheartistsandartperiodsofthepast.

title:	Andres Blaisten Museum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.museoblaisten.com%2F
desc:	MasterpiecesofMexicanArtfromtheXIXandXXCenturiesfromprivatecollections.

title:	ARC International - The Art Renewal Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artrenewal.org%2F
desc:	Offeringbiographicalinformationandhigh-resolutionimagesofmanypaintingsfromthegreatmastersofthe19thcentury.

title:	Art Historians' Guide to the Movies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpersonal.stthomas.edu%2Fcdeliason%2Fahgttm.htm
desc:	ArecordbyCraigEliasonofappearancesofandreferencestofamousworksofartandarchitectureinthemovies,arrangedbyperiod.

title:	Art History with Michelli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plinia.net%2F
desc:	TheArtBrowserdividescategoriesofresourcesbytimeperiodandtheirmovements.

title:	Art in the Picture.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artinthepicture.com%2F
desc:	Offersanintroductiontovisualarthistory.Famousartist'sgalleriesandbiographies,movements,majormuseums.

title:	Artists and Ancestors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fportrait-miniature.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	ExhibitionofminiatureportraitsfromXVIII-XXcentury,informationaboutartistsandsitters.

title:	Christian Art and Artists from Late Medieval to Modern 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christian-travelers-guides.com%2Fart%2Fchristian2.html
desc:	ExamplesillustratingthedevelopmentofChristianart,fromtheChristianTraveler'sGuides.

title:	Delineavit et Sculpsit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delineavit.nl%2F
desc:	TheInternetsteppingstoneforallthoseinterestedinOldMasterprintsanddrawings:publications,events,linkstotheworld'smainprintrooms,andtheperiodicalDelineavitetSculpsit.

title:	The Getty Provenance Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArt_History&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.getty.edu%2Fresearch%2Ftools%2Fprovenance%2F
desc:	Collectsanddisseminatesinformationrelatedtothehistoryofcollectingandtheprovenanceofindividualworksofart.

title:	Art i Patrimoni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FCatal%C3%A0%2FArts%2FHist%C3%B2ria_de_l%27art&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uv.es%2Fjoceimo%2F
desc:	Artipatrimonidelescomarquesvalencianes

title:	Geschichte der Kunst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FKultur%2FKunstgeschichte&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hgb-leipzig.de%2FARTNINE%2Flehre%2Fgdk%2Findex.html
desc:	VorlesungsgliederungmitLiteraturangaben.

title:	Instytut Filozofii i Socjologii Polskiej Akademii Nauk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FPolski%2FNauka_i_edukacja%2FSocjologia%2FWydzia%C5%82y_i_instytuty&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ifispan.waw.pl%2F
desc:	Pracownicy,konferencje,czasopisma,studiaikursy,stypendia,programPISA,tekstyon-line.

title:	Appunti delle scienze sociali 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FScienza%2FScienze_Sociali%2FSociologia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.appuntidiscienzesociali.it%2F
desc:	Rivoltoprevalentementeaglistudenti.Presentaun'ampiaraccoltadiappuntisuiprincipaliautorieteoriedellescienzesociali.

title:	SocioSite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociosite.net%2F
desc:	SocioSiteisamulti-purposeguideforsociologists.Includesusefullinkstositesaroundtheworld.BasedintheNetherlands.

title:	Alcohol Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roizen.com%2Fron%2Findex.htm
desc:	Featureshistory,researchlinks,andcontactinformation.

title:	Anovasofie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anovasofie.net%2F
desc:	Featurescomparativeresourcetools,publicintellectualslinksanddetailsondevelopers.

title:	Astrosociology Research Institute (ARI) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astrosociology.org%2F
desc:	Presents'astrosociology'asadevelopingsociologicalareaofstudy.Offershistory,resources,linksandmembershipdetails.

title:	Boekman Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boekman.nl%2F
desc:	TheBoekmanFoundationisacentrewhereinformationaboutartsandculturalpolicyiscollectedanddisseminated.Itcoverstheareasofpolicy-formingandallaspectsofimplementation.Bilingualen/nl.

title:	Cape Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.capesociology.org%2F
desc:	Containsforums,syllabusmaterial,sampleessays,newsletterandlinks.

title:	Commission for Applied and Clinical Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociologycommission.org%2F
desc:	EstablishedbytheSocietyforAppliedSociologyandtheSociologicalPracticeAssociationtodevelop,promoteandsupportqualitysociologicaleducationandpracticeinappliedandclinicalareas.MichiganStateUniversity.

title:	Craig Robertson - Music and Conflict Transformation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmus-con-tran.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Featuresblogentries,archivesandlistoflinks.LocatedattheUniversityofExeter,UK.

title:	Cultural Studies Study Group (CSSG) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwarlight.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Popularculture,youthcultureBritishliterature,andmediastudies.

title:	Developmental Idealism Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdevelopmentalidealism.org%2F
desc:	Featuresprojects,publications,listingofacademics,linksandcontactinformation.

title:	edu.learsource.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fedu.learnsoc.org%2F
desc:	Featurescomprehensivelistingofsubstantiveareasofstudy,keyconceptsandtheories.

title:	Free Resources for Program Evaluation and Social Research Methods 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgsociology.icaap.org%2Fmethods%2F
desc:	Provideslinkstomanuals,onlineguides,'howto'books,surveymethods,interviewing,observation,statisticsandfreestatisticalsoftware.

title:	GERN - European Research Group into Norms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gern-cnrs.com%2F
desc:	40researchinstitutionsfrom11Europeancountriesfocusingoncrime,criminology,sociologyandprevention.

title:	Guide to Questionnaires and Surveys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Efrede_dast%2Fconseil1_a.html
desc:	Containsexplanationsonhowtocreatesurveysandquestionnaires.Articlescoverattitudeandethics,thebehaviourofgroupsandpopulations,datacollection,listsandsampling.CreatedbyaGranbyCegepProfessorlocatedinGranby,Quebec,Canada.

title:	Human Sciences Research Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hsrc.ac.za%2F
desc:	Specializesinhumanitiesandsocialsciencesresearch.Includesresearchmaterialinvariousformats.

title:	Introduction to Social Theory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Furegina.ca%2F%7Egingrich%2Fs250iw03.htm
desc:	CoursesyllabusandlecturesbyPaulGingrichoftheUniversityofReginaDepartmentofSociologyandSocialStudies.CoversworkofMarx,Durkheim,Weber,Mead,and20thcenturytheorists.

title:	LLEK Bookmarks Scientific Search Engines - Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fllek.de%2Fenglish%2Fthematic%2Fsocial%2Fsoziologie_e.htm
desc:	AcomprehensivecatalogofscientificresourcesandmediaworldwidebutespeciallyinGermanandEnglish:DirectoriesofSociologyJournals;Sociology-relatedcatalogsofscientificsearchengines;additionalstartingpointsandsitesofspecialinterest.

title:	Po Bronson's Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pobronson.com%2Fblog%2F
desc:	AuthorPoBronson,authorof"WhyDoILoveThesePeople?"weblogsaboutfamilyissuesandstatisticsaboutfamilies.

title:	Progressive Sociology Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colorado.edu%2FSociology%2Fgimenez%2Fpsn2%2F
desc:	PSNisamoderatedlistdevotedtotheexaminationofissuesoftheoreticalandpoliticalimportancetosociologists.

title:	The Question Bank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fqb.soc.surrey.ac.uk%2F
desc:	TheCentreforAppliedSocialSurveys[CASS]QuestionBank(Qb)isastoreofcompleteUKsocialsurveyquestions,questionnairesandresponseforms.

title:	Social Capital 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socialcapitalgateway.org%2F
desc:	Containsusefulresourcesforresearchersinterestedinsocialcapitalandinitsrelationshipwitheconomicdevelopment.ThewebsiteiseditedbyFabioSabatini,oftheUniversityofRomeLaSapienza.

title:	Social Statistics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpostyour.info%2F
desc:	Databaseofquestionsandthestatisticalinformationderivedfromreplies,createdbymeansofanswersgivenbyvoluntaryInternetusers.

title:	Sociologia.de 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociologia.de%2F
desc:	SociologyresourcesinEnglish,German,SpanishandPortuguese.

title:	A Sociological Tour Through Cyberspace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trinity.edu%2Fmkearl%2Findex.html
desc:	Essays,dataanalyses,andlinksonsociologiesofknowledge,death,aging,family,time,andinequality.

title:	Sociology  Index 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociologyindex.com%2F
desc:	Topicalindexanddictionarywithleadstoabstracts,bibliography,syllabusandjournals,includingsociologydepartmentsaroundtheworld.

title:	Sociology Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.org.uk%2F
desc:	SociologywebsiteofferingfreeresourcesforSociologyteachersandstudents.

title:	Sociology of Ignorance Website 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociologyofignorance.com%2F
desc:	Featuresnews,callsforproposals,conferences,resources,andlinks.

title:	The SocioWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socioweb.com%2F
desc:	AnindependentguidetosociologicalresourcesontheInternet.

title:	Stanford Center for the Study of Poverty and Inequality 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stanford.edu%2Fgroup%2Fscspi%2F
desc:	SCSPIaimstofosterbasicandappliedresearchonsocial,economic,andculturalinequalities.Providesdetailsofprograms,publications,news,events,keyissuesandtrenddata.

title:	Theory.org.uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theory.org.uk%2F
desc:	Mediastudiesandgenderstudieswithcontentonqueertheory,gender,Foucault,JudithButler,mediainfluences,cyberculture,rolemodels,andcriticaltheory.ProducedbyDrDavidGauntlett,UniversityofLeeds,UK.

title:	Understanding the World Today 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgsociology.icaap.org%2F
desc:	Reportsaboutglobalsocial,political,economicanddemographicchanges.Linkstotheory,research,dataandfreesoftware.

title:	University of Kentucky: Guide to Library Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Flibguides.uky.edu%2Fsoc
desc:	Offerslinksandacademicresources.

title:	University of Kentucky: MGT 780, Social Network Analysis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.analytictech.com%2Fmgt780%2F
desc:	FeaturesPhDcoursesyllabus,resources,news,blogandcontactinformation.

title:	videophilia.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.videophilia.org%2F
desc:	Offersorigins,descriptionoftheproblematic,outreach,medialinksandresources.

title:	Wadsworth's Virtual Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.wadsworth.com%2F
desc:	Sitededicatedtotheacademicworldofsociologyandsocialscienceingeneral.SiteaccompaniesthebookThePracticeofSocialResearch.

title:	Yale Library Resources:  Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fguides.library.yale.edu%2Ffriendly.php%3Fs%3Dsociology
desc:	Offerscategorizedacademicresources.

title:	Aspectos del cambio en el siglo XXI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FEspa%C3%B1ol%2FCiencia_y_tecnolog%C3%ADa%2FCiencias_Sociales%2FSociolog%C3%ADa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.burcet.net%2Fcambio%2Fcambio.htm
desc:	Recursosparahacerfrentealcambio.Cuestionariodelacapacidaddecambioymarcoconceptualdelastransformacionesactuales

title:	Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FSouth_Africa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocio.nmmu.ac.za%2F
desc:	GovernmentalandSocialSciences(PortElizabeth)

title:	Rhodes University - Grahamstown: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FSouth_Africa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ru.ac.za%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featurescourses,stafflisting,newsandcontactinformation.LocatedinGrahamstown,SouthAfrica.

title:	University of Cape Town: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FSouth_Africa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.uct.ac.za%2F
desc:	Featuresundergraduateandgraduatestudies,facultylistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinCapeTown,SouthAfrica.

title:	University of Johannesburg: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FSouth_Africa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uj.ac.za%2Fsociology
desc:	Offerscourseandprogramdetails,bursaries,events,linksandcontactinformation.LocatedinAucklandPark,SouthAfrica.

title:	University of Pretoria 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FSouth_Africa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.up.ac.za%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	University of South Africa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FSouth_Africa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unisa.ac.za%2Fdefault.asp%3FCmd%3DViewContent%26ContentID%3D171
desc:	Sociology(Pretoria)

title:	Massey University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNew_Zealand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.massey.ac.nz%2Fmassey%2Flearning%2Fprogramme-course-paper%2Fprogramme.cfm%3Fmajor_code%3D2043%26prog_id%3D93118
desc:	Sociology(PalmerstonNorth)

title:	University of Canterbury: Department of Sociology (Christchurch) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNew_Zealand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canterbury.ac.nz%2Farts%2Fschools-and-departments%2Fsociology-and-anthropology%2F
desc:	Offerslistofresearchers,researchgroups,projects,areasofspecializationandcontactinformation.

title:	University of Waikato 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNew_Zealand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waikato.ac.nz%2Ffass%2Fstudy%2Fsubjects%2Fsociology
desc:	SocietiesandCultures(Hamilton)

title:	Victoria University of Wellington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNew_Zealand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.victoria.ac.nz%2Fsacs%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialPolicy(Wellington)

title:	Limerick, University of: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FIreland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ul.ie%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduate,postgraduate,andresearchprograms.Facultydirectory,departmentnews,andsociology-relatedlinksavailable.

title:	National University of Ireland, Galway (NUIG): Department of Political Science and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FIreland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nuigalway.ie%2Fsoc
desc:	Givesinformationonthedepartmentandcoursesavailable.

title:	National University of Ireland, Maynooth: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FIreland&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.maynoothuniversity.ie%2Fsociology
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduateprograms,news,research,facultyandcontactinformation.LocatedinCoKildare,Ireland.

title:	Trinity College, University of Dublin: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FIreland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tcd.ie%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	TheDepartmentfeedsintotheBESS(Business,EconomicsandSocialStudies)courseandalsorunsgraduateprogrammesinEthnicandRacialStudiesandAppliedSocialResearch.

title:	University College Cork: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FIreland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucc.ie%2Fen%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandpostgraduatestudy.Staff,programmesofstudy,publications.

title:	University College, Dublin: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FIreland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucd.ie%2Fsociolog%2F
desc:	SociologyistaughtintheBachelorofArtsandBachelorofSocialSciencedegrees.AlsooffersaMasterofSocialSciencedegree.Staff,research,programmesofstudy.

title:	Flinders University of South Australia: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flinders.edu.au%2Fsabs%2Fssps%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,stafflisting,resourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinAdelaide,SA.

title:	La Trobe University: Sociology Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latrobe.edu.au%2Fcourses%2Fsociology
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,careeropportunities,staffdirectoryandcontactinformation.LocatedinMelbourne,VIC.

title:	Macquarie University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mq.edu.au%2Fabout_us%2Ffaculties_and_departments%2Ffaculty_of_arts%2Fdepartment_of_sociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,areasofresearch,coursedescriptions,stafflisting,linksandcontactinformation.LocatedinSydney,NSW.

title:	Murdoch University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.murdoch.edu.au%2FCourses%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Featurescareeropportunities,courselisting,news,resourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinPerth,WA,Australia.

title:	University of Melbourne: Social and Political Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssps.unimelb.edu.au%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetailsandcoursework.LocatedMelbourne,VIC.

title:	University of Newcastle: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newcastle.edu.au%2Fabout-uon%2Fgovernance-and-leadership%2Ffaculties-and-schools%2Ffaculty-of-education-and-arts%2Fschool-of-humanities-and-social-science
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduateprogramdetails,stafflistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinCallaghan,NSW,Australia.

title:	University of Queensland: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsocial-science.uq.edu.au%2Fstudy-area%2Fsociology
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,research,news,alumniandcontactinformation.LocatedinBrisbane,QLD.

title:	University of Sydney: Department of Sociology and Social Policy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsydney.edu.au%2Farts%2Fsociology_social_policy%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,stafflisting,prizesandscholarships,researchandcontactinformation.LocatedinSydney,NSW.

title:	University of Tasmania: School of Social Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAustralia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utas.edu.au%2Fsocial-sciences%2F
desc:	Offersprogramdetails,scholarshipsandbursariesandcontactinformation.LocatedinHobart,TAS.

title:	Anglia Ruskin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anglia.ac.uk%2Fruskin%2Fen%2Fhome%2Ffaculties%2Falss%2Fdeps%2Fhss.html
desc:	HumanitiesandSocialSciences.

title:	Birkbeck College, University of London 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbk.ac.uk%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	PoliticsandSociology

title:	Bristol University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bristol.ac.uk%2Fspais%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	Cambridge University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.cam.ac.uk%2F
desc:	DepartmentofSociology.Detailsofundergraduateandgraduateprogrammes,researchactivities,andalistofmembers.

title:	Cardiff University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cardiff.ac.uk%2Fsocial-sciences
desc:	SocialSciences

title:	Goldsmiths College, University of London: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gold.ac.uk%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprograms,staff,research,graduatestudents,resources,newsandcontactinformation.LocatedinLondon,UK.

title:	Keele University: School of Sociology and Criminology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keele.ac.uk%2Fsocrim%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramlinks,researchandcontactinformation.LocatedinStaffordshire,UK.

title:	Lancaster University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lancaster.ac.uk%2Ffass%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	Leicester University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.le.ac.uk%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology

title:	London School of Economics and Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lse.ac.uk%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	Manchester Metropolitan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.mmu.ac.uk%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	Nottingham Trent University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftcs.ntu.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Theory,CultureandSocietyCentre.

title:	Open University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.open.ac.uk%2Fsocialsciences%2Fabout-the-faculty%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2Fsociology.php%3F
desc:	Sociology

title:	Queens University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qub.ac.uk%2Fschools%2FSchoolofSociologySocialPolicySocialWork%2F
desc:	Sociology,SocialPolicyandSocialWork(Belfast)

title:	School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London: Department of Anthropology and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soas.ac.uk%2Fanthropology%2F
desc:	Presentsdegreeprograms,stafflisting,events,links,research,news,resourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinLondon,UK.

title:	University of Aberdeen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abdn.ac.uk%2Fsocsci%2Fdisciplines%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology

title:	University of Bath 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bath.ac.uk%2Fsps%2F
desc:	SocialandPolicySciences

title:	University of Edinburgh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.ed.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	University of Essex 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.essex.ac.uk%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(WivenhoePark)

title:	University of Exeter: Department of Sociology and Philosophy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialsciences.exeter.ac.uk%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresnews,research,undergraduateandpostgraduateprogramdetails,facultylistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinExeter.

title:	University of Glasgow: Department of Sociology and Anthropology and Applied Social Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gla.ac.uk%2Fsubjects%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Presentsnewsandevents,stafflisting,research,programs,linksandcontactinformation.LocatedinGlasgow,UK.

title:	University of Kent at Canterbury 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kent.ac.uk%2Fsspssr%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	University of Leeds 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.leeds.ac.uk%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialPolicy

title:	University of Liverpool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.liverpool.ac.uk%2Fsociology-social-policy-and-criminology%2F
desc:	Sociology,SocialPolicyandCriminology.

title:	University of Manchester: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socialsciences.manchester.ac.uk%2Fsubjects%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesprogramdetails,researchandcontactinformation.LocatedinManchester,UK.

title:	University of Oxford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.ox.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	University of Salford: Humanities, Languages, & Social Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salford.ac.uk%2Fhumanities
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,stafflistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinSalford,GreaterManchester,UK.

title:	University of Sheffield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sheffield.ac.uk%2Fsocstudies
desc:	SociologicalStudies

title:	University of Southampton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southampton.ac.uk%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandSocialPolicy

title:	University of Stirling 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stir.ac.uk%2Fsocial-science%2F
desc:	AppliedSocialScience(Stirling)

title:	University of Sussex: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sussex.ac.uk%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresnewsandevents,admissionsrequirements,research,teaching,staffandfacultylistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinEastSussex,UK.

title:	University of Ulster: School of Sociology and Applied Social Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ulster.ac.uk%2Fsass%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramsandcontactinformation.LocatedinUKwithfourcampuses.

title:	University of Warwick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.warwick.ac.uk%2Ffac%2Fsoc%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Coventry)

title:	University of York 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.york.ac.uk%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Presentsprograms,research,staff,newsandeventsandcontactinformation.LocatedinYork,UK.

title:	Cornell University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FRural_Sociology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdevsoc.cals.cornell.edu%2F
desc:	DepartmentofDevelopmentSociology.

title:	Pennsylvania State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FRural_Sociology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Faese.psu.edu%2F
desc:	DepartmentofAgriculturalEconomics,Sociology,andEducation

title:	Texas Agricultural & Mining University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FRural_Sociology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fruralsoc.tamu.edu%2F
desc:	DepartmentofRuralSociology

title:	University of Arkansas, Fayetteville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FRural_Sociology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fruralsoc.uark.edu%2F
desc:	RuralSociology

title:	University of Kentucky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FRural_Sociology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uky.edu%2FAg%2FCLD%2F
desc:	CommunityandLeadershipDevelopment

title:	Wageningen Agricultural University: Rural Development Sociology Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FRural_Sociology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rds.wur.nl%2FUK%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,publications,news,resourcesandcontactinformation.

title:	SUNY Cortland: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FAnthropology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.cortland.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefacultyandcourses.(Cortland,NY)

title:	Acadia University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.acadiau.ca%2F
desc:	Containsprograms,facultylisting,news,events,clubdetailsandcontactinformation.LocatedinWolfville,NovaScotia.

title:	Athabasca University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoci.athabascau.ca%2F
desc:	Offersprogramrequirements,courses,resources,facultylistingandcontactdetails.LocatedinAthabasca,Alberta.

title:	Brock University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brocku.ca%2Fsocial-sciences%2Fdepartments-and-centres%2Fsociology
desc:	Featuresnewsandevents,programinformation,facultyandstafflistings,studentresourcesandcontactdetails.LocatedinSt.Catharines,ON.

title:	Carleton University: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carleton.ca%2Fsocanth%2F
desc:	Offersnewsandevents,research,stafflisting,programdescriptions,formsandcontactdetails.LocatedinOttawa,ON.

title:	Concordia University: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocianth.concordia.ca%2F
desc:	Featuresnewsandevents,facultyandstafflistings,programinformation,researchandcontactdetails.LocatedinMontreal,QC.

title:	Dalhousie University: Department of Sociology and Social Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dal.ca%2Ffaculty%2Farts%2Fsociology-social-anthropology.html
desc:	Offersprograms,facultyandstafflistings,news,speakerseriesandcontactdetails.LocatedinHalifax,NS.

title:	McGill University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcgill.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Montreal,QC)

title:	McMaster University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.mcmaster.ca%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,peoplelisting,news,events,resourcesandcontactdetails.LocatedinHamilton,Ontario.

title:	Memorial University of Newfoundland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mun.ca%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(St.John's,NF)

title:	Mount Allison University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mta.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Sackville,NB)

title:	Mount Saint Vincent University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msvu.ca%2FSociology_Anthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Halifax,NS)

title:	Nipissing University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nipissingu.ca%2Facademics%2Ffaculties%2Farts-science%2Fsociology%2FPages%2Fdefault.aspx
desc:	Sociology(NorthBay,ON)

title:	Queen's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.queensu.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Kingston,ON)

title:	Ryerson Polytechnic  University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ryerson.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Toronto,ON)

title:	Saint Mary's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smu.ca%2Facademic%2Farts%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminology(Halifax,NS)

title:	Simon Fraser University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socanth.sfu.ca%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Burnaby,BC)

title:	St. Francis Xavier University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sites.stfx.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresadvice,courses,facultydetails,studentresources,newsandcontactinformation.LocatedinAntigonish,NovaScotia.

title:	Trent University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trentu.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramandcoursedetails,facultylisting,scholarshipsandawards,newsandcontactinformation.LocatedinPeterborough,Ontario.

title:	University of Alberta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.ualberta.ca%2F
desc:	Sociology(Edmonton,AB)

title:	University of British Columbia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soci.ubc.ca%2F
desc:	Sociology(Vancouver,BC)

title:	University of British Columbia, Okanagan: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fyou.ubc.ca%2Fubc_programs%2Fsociology-okanagan%2F
desc:	Includesprogramdescriptionandcontactdetails.LocatedinKelowna,BritishColumbia.

title:	University of Calgary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoci.ucalgary.ca%2F
desc:	Sociology(Calgary,AB)

title:	University of Guelph 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uoguelph.ca%2Fsocioanthro%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Guelph,ON)

title:	University of Lethbridge: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uleth.ca%2Fartsci%2Fsociology
desc:	Offersprograms,courses,stafflisting,newsandcontactinformation.LocatedinLethbridge,Alberta.

title:	University of Manitoba 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fumanitoba.ca%2Ffaculties%2Farts%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Winnipeg,MB)

title:	University of New Brunswick - Fredericton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unb.ca%2Ffredericton%2Farts%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Fredericton,NB)

title:	University of New Brunswick - Saint John 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unb.ca%2Fsaintjohn%2Farts%2Fdepts%2Fsocialsciences%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(SaintJohn,NB)

title:	University of Regina: Department of Sociology and Social Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uregina.ca%2Farts%2Fsociology-social-studies%2F
desc:	Offersprogramdetails,courses,timetables,handbook,employmentopportunitiesandcontactinformation.LocatedinRegina,Saskatchewan.

title:	University of Saskatchewan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arts.usask.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Saskatoon,SK)

title:	University of Toronto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.utoronto.ca%2F
desc:	Sociology(Toronto,ON)

title:	University of Toronto at Mississauga: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utm.utoronto.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresfacultyandstafflisting,undergraduateandgraduateprograms,researchandcontactdetails.LocatedinMississauga,ON.

title:	University of Toronto at Scarborough 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utsc.utoronto.ca%2F%7Esocsci%2F
desc:	SocialSciences(Toronto,ON)

title:	University of Victoria 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvic.ca%2Fsocialsciences%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Victoria,BC)

title:	Ball State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bsu.edu%2Furban%2F
desc:	CollegeofArchitectureandPlanningoffersaccreditedMasterofUrbanandRegionalPlanningandBachelorofUrbanPlanningandDevelopmentdegrees.

title:	Barnard College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barnard.edu%2Furban%2F
desc:	InterdisciplinaryurbanstudiesprogramofferedinconjunctionwithColumbiaUniversity.Includesinformationontheprogram,faculty,andcourses.

title:	California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpp.edu%2F%7Eurp%2Findex.shtml
desc:	DepartmentofUrbanandRegionalPlanningoffersbachelorandmasterdegrees,plusaGISminor.Featuresprogramdescriptions,facultyprofiles,forms,studentorganizations,andaFAQ.

title:	California State University, Northridge: urban Studies and Planning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csun.edu%2Fcsbs%2Fdepartments%2Furban_studies_and_planning%2F
desc:	Includesmissionstatement,degreesoffered,facultylist,coursedescriptions,andscholarships.

title:	Center for Urban Research and Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luc.edu%2Fcurl%2F
desc:	Anon-traditionaluniversityresearchcenterthatpromotespartnershipsbetweentheuniversityandChicago'scommunities.Staffprofiles,informationaboutpartnershipsandprojects.

title:	University of Waterloo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=https%3A%2F%2Fuwaterloo.ca%2Fsociology-and-legal-studies%2F
desc:	Sociology(Waterloo,ON)

title:	University of Western Ontario 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.uwo.ca%2F
desc:	Sociology(London,ON)

title:	University of Windsor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwindsor.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Windsor,ON)

title:	University of Winnipeg: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwinnipeg.ca%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresfacultyandstafflisting,programdetails,scholarshipdetailsandcontactinformation.LocatedinWinnipeg,MB.

title:	Cleveland State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csuohio.edu%2Furban%2F
desc:	TheMaxineGoodmanLevinCollegeofUrbanAffairsoffersgraduateandundergraduateprogramsinurbanstudies,urbanplanning,environmentalstudies,andpublicadministration.

title:	Cornell University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Faap.cornell.edu%2Facademics%2Fcrp
desc:	TheDepartmentofCityandRegionalPlanningoffersundergraduate,graduate,andprofessionaldegreesinurbanandregionalstudies,regionalplanning,internationaldevelopment,realestate,historicpreservationplanning,andregionalscience.

title:	Delft University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bk.tudelft.nl%2F
desc:	InformationaboutcoursesinArchitecture,Urbanism,BuildingTechnologyandRealEstateandHousing.Alsoinformationaboutdegreeprograms,facultyandresearchactivities(mainlyinDutch).

title:	European Institute for Comparative Urban Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.euricur.nl%2F
desc:	TheprincipalobjectiveofEURICURistostimulatefundamentalinternationalcomparativeresearchintomattersthatareofinteresttocities.

title:	Florida State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fsu.edu%2F%7Edurp%2F
desc:	DepartmentofUrbanandRegionalPlanningoffersmastersanddoctorateprograms,anddualdegreeswithlawandpublicadministration.

title:	Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdusp.mit.edu%2F
desc:	InformationontheDepartmentofUrbanStudiesandPlanninganditsspecializations,people,admissionsprocess,classes,andnews.

title:	McGill University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcgill.ca%2Furbanplanning%2F
desc:	IncludesinformationabouttheQuebecschool'steachingphilosophyandcurriculum,admissions,awardsandfinancialassistance,courses,publications,facultyandstaff,andcareeropportunities.

title:	Milton Keynes City Discovery Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mkcdc.org.uk%2F
desc:	Studyingurbangeographyandnewcityplanning,andmanagingtheheritageofBradwellAbbey,inBuckinghamshire,England.

title:	R.I.T Urban and Community Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rit.edu%2F%257E693bwww%2Furbancomm%2Findex.html
desc:	InterdisciplinaryB.S.programattheRochesterInstituteofTechnology.Theprogramofferstheoreticalknowledge,analyticalskills,andinternshipsinurbanplanningandpolicywithglobalandlocalemphasis.

title:	Rutgers University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolicy.rutgers.edu%2F
desc:	Planningandpublicpolicyissueseducation,research,publications,outreachandresourcesfromtheBlousteinSchoolofPlanningandPublicPolicy.

title:	Ryerson University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ryerson.ca%2Fsurp%2F
desc:	LocatedinToronto,Ontario,theSchoolofUrbanandRegionalPlanningoffersafouryearBachelor'sdegreeprogram.

title:	Southern Connecticut State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.southernct.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Farts%2Fdepartments%2F_urbanstudies%2F
desc:	UrbanStudiesProgrampresentsinformationontheprogram,staff,area,courserequirements,andanadmissionsapplication.

title:	Spatial Planning for Regions in Growing Economies (SPRING) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.raumplanung.tu-dortmund.de%2Frel%2Ftypo3%2F
desc:	MasterdegreeprograminDortmund,Germany,jointlyofferedbyaninternationaluniversitynetwork.

title:	University College London 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bartlett.ucl.ac.uk%2Fplanning%2F
desc:	TheBartlettSchoolofPlanningoffersinformationonitsprograms,staff,research,andpublications.

title:	University of California, Berkeley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fced.berkeley.edu%2Facademics%2Fcity-regional-planning%2F
desc:	TheDepartmentofCityandRegionalPlanningoffersmastersanddoctoratedegrees.

title:	University of California, Irvine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seweb.uci.edu%2Fppd%2F
desc:	TheDepartmentofPlanning,PolicyandDesignhasinformationaboutcourses,degreeprograms,faculty,researchactivities,andEuropeanexchangeprogram.

title:	University of Illinois at Chicago 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uic.edu%2Fcuppa%2F
desc:	CollegeofUrbanPlanningandPublicAffairs.IncludestheGreatCitiesInstitute.

title:	University of Illinois at Urbana Champion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.urban.uiuc.edu%2F
desc:	DepartmentofUrbanandRegionalPlanning.Includesinformationforstudents,alumni,applicants,andvisitors.

title:	University of Massachusetts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umass.edu%2Flarp%2F
desc:	LandscapeArchitectureandRegionalPlanningDepartmentofferseightacademicprograms,rangingfromthetwoyeartotheDoctorallevel.

title:	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planning.unc.edu%2F
desc:	TheDepartmentofCityandRegionalPlanningoffersinformationontheprogram,admissions,faculty,alumni,andemployment.

title:	University of Oregon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpppm.uoregon.edu%2F
desc:	DepartmentofPlanning,PublicPolicyandManagementpresentsinformationaboutundergraduateandgraduateprograms,faculty,internships,funding,andthedepartment.

title:	University of Pennsylvania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sas.upenn.edu%2Furban%2F
desc:	TheUrbanStudiesinterdisciplinarymajorintroducesstudentstoavarietyofperspectivesontheorigins,developmentandnatureofcities.

title:	University of Southern California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpriceschool.usc.edu%2F
desc:	SchoolofPublicPolicy.

title:	University of Texas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uta.edu%2Fsupa%2F
desc:	PrograminSchoolofUrbanandPublicAffairs,UniversityofTexasatArlington,preparesstudentstoserveasprofessionalplanningpractitionersinpublic,privateandnonprofitorganizations.

title:	University of Washington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Furbdp.caup.washington.edu%2F
desc:	TheDepartmentofUrbanDesignandPlanningintheCollegeofArchitectureandUrbanPlanningoffersaccreditedgraduateandinterdisciplinaryundergraduatedegrees.

title:	University Partnership Development Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uta.edu%2Fukraine_partnership
desc:	ApartnershipbetweentheSchoolofUrbanandPublicAffairsattheUniversityofTexasatArlingtonandKharkivStateAcademyofMunicipalEconomyinUkraine.

title:	Wayne State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FUrban_and_Regional_Planning%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cus.wayne.edu%2F
desc:	Workstoimproveunderstandingofandprovideinnovativeresponsestourbanchallengesandopportunities.Conductsanddisseminatesresearch,developspoliciesandprograms,andprovidestraining,capacity-building,andtechnicalassistance.

title:	American Sociological Association Section on Environment and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenvirosoc.org%2F
desc:	Offerspedagogicalandresearchtools,graduatestudiesprogramslisting,news,links,directoriesandmembershipinformation.

title:	Canadian Sociological Association Environmental Sociology Research Cluster 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csa-scs.ca%2Fenviro-home
desc:	Featuresnews,events,resources,researcherprofilesandcontactinformation.

title:	Cornell University: Development Sociology Graduate Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdevsoc.cals.cornell.edu%2Fgraduate%2F
desc:	Featuresdegreerequirementsandconcentrations,facultylistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinIthaca,NY,U.S.A.

title:	European Sociological Association: Environment and Society Research Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.europeansociology.org%2Findex.php%3Foption%3Dcom_content%26task%3Dview%26id%3D30%26Itemid%3D29
desc:	Featuresaimandscope,boardmemberlisting,contactinformationandbiannualconference.

title:	Helmholtz-Centre for Environmental Research - UFZ: Department of Urban and Environmental Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ufz.de%2Findex.php%3Fen%3D4519
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,researchspecializations,facultylisting,eventsandcontactinformation.LocatedinGermany.

title:	IEDRO - International Environmental Data Rescue Organization 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiedro.org%2F
desc:	Offersprojectlisting,volunteerinformation,educationalresourcesandnews.

title:	Institute for Social Ecology,  The 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.social-ecology.org%2F
desc:	Featureseducationalopportunities,projects,resourcesandcontactinformation.

title:	International Sociological Association: Research Committee on Environment and Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isarc24.com%2F
desc:	Featuresgovernance,events,awards,resourcesandmembershipinformation.

title:	NICHE - Network in Canadian history and environment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fniche-canada.org%2F
desc:	Featurespodcasts,blogs,eventslisting,andresources.

title:	North Carolina Central University: Environmental Science, Environmental Sociology Degree 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nccu.edu%2Fcurriculum%2Fprogramguide.cfm%3Fid%3D31
desc:	Providesprogramsequenceanddescription,courselisting,facultydetailsandcontactinformation.LocatedinDurham,NC,U.S.A.

title:	Prescott College Institute for Social Ecology: Graduate Studies in Environmental Studies or Humanities with a Concentration in Social Ecology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.social-ecology.org%2Flearn%2Fma-program-in-social-ecology%2F
desc:	FeaturesMaster'sprogramdetails,samplecoursesandcontactinformation.LocatedinPrescott,AZ,U.S.A.

title:	Society and environment online resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esf.edu%2Fes%2Fsonnenfeld%2Fenvsoc.htm
desc:	Featuresassociationlistings,discussionlists,scholarlyjournalsandvirtuallibraries.

title:	University of Alberta: Department of Resource Economics and Environmental Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rees.ualberta.ca%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,research,staffprofiles,news,eventsandcontactinformation.LocatedinEdmonton,AB,Canada.

title:	University of British Columbia: Environment, Community, and Social Movements Area of Study 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FEnvironmental_Sociology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soci.ubc.ca%2Findex.php%3Fid%3D12307
desc:	Offerssub-fielddescriptions,facultylinksandcontactinformation.LocatedinVancouver,B.C.,Canada.

title:	Arizona State University School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsocialwork.asu.edu%2F
desc:	OffersinformationaboutthegeneralistBSWandMSWprograms,continuingeducation,andfacultyandstaff.

title:	Aurora University School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Faurora.edu%2Facademics%2Fcolleges-schools%2Fsocial-work%2Findex.html
desc:	ProvidesinformationabouttheBSWandMSWprogramsofferedattheAuroracampusandatGeorgeWilliamsCollege.

title:	Azusa Pacific University: Department of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apu.edu%2Fbas%2Fsocialwork%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthegraduateandundergraduateprograms,thefacultyandresourcesattheAzusaPacificUniversityDepartmentofSocialWork.

title:	Boston University School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bu.edu%2Fssw%2F
desc:	InformationaboutMSWandPhDdegrees,jointprogramsinpublichealth,education,andtheology,andseveralfield-relatedcertificateandspecializationprograms.

title:	Bryn Mawr College Graduate School of Social Work and Social Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brynmawr.edu%2Fsocialwork%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemasterofsocialservice(MSS),masteroflawandsocialpolicy(MLSP),andPhDdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,andtheCenterforChildandFamilyWell-Being.

title:	California Social Work Education Center (CalSWEC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcalswec.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	AffiliatedwiththeUniversityofCaliforniaatBerkeley,CalSWECisthenation'slargeststatecoalitionofsocialworkeducatorsandpractitionersthatpreparessocialworkstudentsandsocialworkersforemploymentinpublicchildwelfaresystems.

title:	Calvin College Social Work Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calvin.edu%2Facademic%2Fsocial_work%2F
desc:	Undergraduate(BSW)programinGrandRapids,MichigantaughtfromaReformedChristian,liberalartsperspective.

title:	Case Western Reserve University - Mandel School of Applied Social Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmsass.case.edu%2F
desc:	Offersthemasterofscienceinsocialadministration(MSSA)andPhDinsocialwelfaredegrees.Featuresinformationabouttheprograms,continuingeducation,admissionprocessandfaculty.LocatedinCleveland,Ohio.

title:	Center for Social Services Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcssr.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	Researchgroupfocusingonissuesconcerningsocialwork,health,socioeconomics,childandfamilywelfareandcarefortheelderly.

title:	Chinese University of Hong Kong Department of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.swk.cuhk.edu.hk%2F
desc:	ProgramsincludeBSW,severalmaster'sdegrees,andaPhDinsocialwelfare.Offersinformationaboutdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,andresearchactivities.

title:	Columbia University School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialwork.columbia.edu%2F
desc:	TheoldestschoolofsocialworkintheUnitedStatesandoneofonlytwoIvyLeagueSchoolsofferingMSandPhDdegreesinsocialwork.Informationabouttheirdegreeprograms,theadmissionprocess,housing,andfinancialaidareoffered.

title:	Council on Social Work Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cswe.org%2F
desc:	CSWEisanonprofitnationalassociationrepresentingmorethan3,000individualmembers,aswellasgraduateandundergraduateprogramsofprofessionalsocialworkeducation.Offersinformationaboutaccreditationcriteriaandprocess,databaseofaccreditedprograms,professionaljournals,andtheirannualconference.

title:	Florida State University College of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcsw.fsu.edu%2F
desc:	TheoldestandmostestablishedsocialworkprogramintheStateofFlorida,conferstheBSW,MSW,andPhDdegrees.Featuresinformationaboutdegreeprograms,admissionprocess,faculty,researchactivities,andtheInstituteforFamilyViolenceStudies.

title:	Institute for Clinical Social Work (ICSW) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Ficsw.edu%2F
desc:	ThefirstandonlyaccreditedindependentschoolintheUnitedStatestoofferadoctoralprograminclinicalsocialworkinChicago,Illinois.Programistaughtfromapsychodynamicperspective.Featuresoverviewofprogramsincludingdistancelearningandstudentinformation.

title:	Kansas State University Department of Sociology, Anthropology and Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k-state.edu%2Fsasw%2F
desc:	Includesdepartmentprofile,activities,facultycontacts,andcourses.LocatedinManhattan.

title:	National Catholic School of Social Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fncsss.cua.edu%2F
desc:	OfferingcoursesofstudyleadingtotheMSWandPhDdegrees.LocatedinWashington,D.C.

title:	NYU Silver School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialwork.nyu.edu%2F
desc:	Offersseveralundergraduateandgraduatedegreesinsocialwork.Admissions,newsandevents,informationforcurrentstudents,faculty,alumni,andlinks.

title:	Online Master of Social Work - University of New England 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialwork.une.edu%2F
desc:	TheMaster'sDegreeinSocialWorkisofferedonlinebyUNEsSchoolofSocialWorkandisaccreditedbytheCouncilonSocialWorkEducation(CSWE).

title:	School of Social Work and Social Policy, Trinity College Dublin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socialwork-socialpolicy.tcd.ie%2F
desc:	TheSchooloffersprofessionaleducationtrainingandresearchinsocialworkandwiderhumanservices,coursesatundergraduateandpostgraduatelevel,postgraduatetraininginappliedsocialresearch,aswellasarangeofopportunitiesforpostgraduateresearchstudents.

title:	School of Social Work, Lund University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soch.lu.se%2F
desc:	Web-pageoftheSchoolofSocialWorkinLund,Sweden.TheschoolprovidesMastersdegreeinSocialWork,singlesubjectcoursesandspeciallydesignedcoursesforsocialservicesagencystaff.

title:	Smith College School for Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smith.edu%2Fssw%2F
desc:	Renownedforbothitshistoricalandcurrentcommitmenttoclinicalsocialwork,SCSSWoffersMSWandPhDdegreeprogramswithnationwidefieldplacements.Featuresinformationaboutthehistoryoftheschool,degreeprograms,admissionprocess,financialaid,andfaculty.

title:	Social Work Education Participation - SWEP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socialworkeducation.org.uk%2F
desc:	Theaimofthiswebsiteistosharecurrentpracticearoundtheparticipationofserviceusersandcarersinsocialworkeducation.

title:	State University of New York at Albany School of Social Welfare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albany.edu%2Fssw%2F
desc:	Ranked12thinthenationbyU.S.NewsandWorldReport,providesinformationabouttheschool'sBSW,MSW,andPhDinsocialwelfaredegreeprograms.

title:	Tata Institute of Social Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiss.edu%2F
desc:	ThefirstschoolofsocialworkinIndia,providesinformationabouttheM.PhilandPhDprograms,admissionrequirements,researchinsocialsciences,publications,andevents.

title:	University of California Berkeley School of Social Welfare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialwelfare.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	Schooloffersanundergraduatemajor,MSW,jointdegree(MSW-MPH),andPhDprogramsinsocialwelfare.Featuresinformationaboutdegreeprograms,admissions,faculty,andtheCenterforSocialServicesResearch.

title:	University of Connecticut School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssw.uconn.edu%2F
desc:	OffersinformationabouttheMSW,jointmaster'sdegree,andPhDprograms,admissioncriteria,faculty,andresearchactivities.

title:	University of Kansas School of Social Welfare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socwel.ku.edu%2F
desc:	OffersinformationabouttheBSW,MSW,andPhDdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,researchactivities,andtheStrengthsInstitute.

title:	University of Maryland School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssw.umaryland.edu%2F
desc:	OffersinformationabouttheBSW,MSW,andPhDdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,andcurrentresearchactivities.

title:	University of Michigan School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fssw.umich.edu%2F
desc:	OffersinformationabouttheMSWdegreeandjointdoctoralprograminsocialworkandsocialscience.

title:	University of Minnesota School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcehd.umn.edu%2Fssw%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthebachelorofscienceinyouthstudies,MSW,dualmaster's,andPhDdegreeprograms,studentlife,continuingeducation,andalumniresources.

title:	University of Pennsylvania School of Social Policy and Practice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sp2.upenn.edu%2F
desc:	OneofonlytwoIvyLeagueSchoolsintheUnitedStatesofferingMS,MSW,andPhDdegreesinthefieldsofsocialpolicyandclinicalsocialwork.Informationaboutsocialworkand12jointdegreeprograms,continuingeducation,researchactivities,andrecentfacultypublicationsareoffered.

title:	University of Queensland  School of Social Work and Human Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uq.edu.au%2Fsocwork%2F
desc:	Schooloffersbachelor'sdegreesinhumanservicesandsocialwork,andmaster'sdegreesinhumanservices,counseling,socialwork,andsocialworkstudies(qualifyingprogram).Providesinformationaboutprograms,faculty,andresearchactivities.

title:	University of St. Thomas School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stthomas.edu%2Fsocialwork%2F
desc:	LocatedinSt.Paul,MinnesotawithanemphasisonJudeo-Christianvaluesandspirituality,offersinformationabouttheBSWandMSWprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,affiliatedinstitutes,andjobannouncements.

title:	University of Texas at Austin School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utexas.edu%2Fssw%2F
desc:	OffersinformationabouttheBSW,MSSW,andPhDdegreeprograms,faculty,researchactivities,andtheDiNittoCenterforCareerServices.

title:	University of Victoria School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialwork.uvic.ca%2F
desc:	LocatedinCanadawithspecializationsinsocialworkwithindigenouspopulations,offersinformationabouttheBSWandMSWdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,publications,andresearchactivities.

title:	University of Washington School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialwork.uw.edu%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationabouttheBASW,MSW,andPhDdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,socialworklibrary,andresearchactivities.

title:	University of Windsor School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb4.uwindsor.ca%2Fsocialwork
desc:	OffersinformationabouttheBSWandMSWdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,socialworkprofessioninCanada,andthejournalCriticalSocialWork.

title:	University of Wisconsin-Madison School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocwork.wisc.edu%2F
desc:	OffersinformationabouttheBSW,MSW,andPhDdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,andchildwelfaretraining.

title:	Washington University George Warren Brown School of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbrownschool.wustl.edu%2F
desc:	Describestheprograms,facilitiesandfaculty.MSWandPhDprograms.St.Louis,MO.

title:	Winthrop University Department of Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSocial_Work%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.winthrop.edu%2Fsocialwork%2F
desc:	LocatedinRockHill,SouthCarolina,offersinformationabouttheBSWandMSWdegreeprograms,admissionrequirements,faculty,andtheChildWelfareConsortiumScholarsProgram.

title:	British Columbia, University of 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fethics.ubc.ca%2F
desc:	CentreforAppliedEthics.

title:	Carnegie Mellon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epp.cmu.edu%2F
desc:	DepartmentofEngineeringandPublicPolicy.

title:	COSTS - Brown University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brown.edu%2FFaculty%2FCOSTS%2F
desc:	FacultyCommitteeonScienceandTechnologyStudies

title:	Dublin City University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comms.dcu.ie%2Fsheehanh%2Fsts%2Fsts.htm
desc:	Science,TechnologyandSocietycourses.

title:	ESST International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esst.eu%2F
desc:	EuropeanStudiesofSociety,ScienceandTechnology.Includesdetailsofthemasterprogrammeandtheparticipatinguniversities.

title:	European Association for the Study of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.easst.net%2F
desc:	Aninterdisciplinaryscholarlysociety,addressingthehistory,philosophy,psychologyandsociologyofscience.

title:	George Washington University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gwu.edu%2F%7Ecistp%2F
desc:	CenterforInternationalScienceandTechnologyPolicy.

title:	Human Ecology at Rutgers University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humanecology.rutgers.edu%2F
desc:	Examiningthehumandimensionsofenvironmentalproblems.

title:	Interactive Teaching Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.h-net.org%2F%7Eenvision%2Finteract%2Fscience.html
desc:	AnindextoonlinecoursesandsyllabifromUSuniversitiesandcolleges.

title:	Keystone Center, Colorado 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keystone.org%2F
desc:	ScienceandPublicPolicyProgramandScienceSchool.

title:	Lancaster University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lancaster.ac.uk%2Ffass%2Fcentres%2Fcss%2F
desc:	DepartmentofSociology;CentreforScienceStudies.

title:	Lancaster University: Department of Organisation, Work & Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lancaster.ac.uk%2Flums%2Fowt%2F
desc:	Inter-disciplinaryprogramme,drawingonthedisciplinesofpsychology,sociology,law,philosophy,economics,history,politicalscience,socialanthropologyandothersocialsciences.Includesdetailsofresearchandtheundergraduateandgraduateprogrammes.

title:	M.Fatih Tasar: Gazi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fw3.gazi.edu.tr%2F%7Emftasar%2F
desc:	Journalandconferencepapersinscienceeducationandsciencestudies.

title:	Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.mit.edu%2Fsts%2F
desc:	PrograminScience,TechnologyandSociety.

title:	Massachusetts Institute of Technology: Technology and Policy Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftppserver.mit.edu%2F
desc:	Mastersanddoctorateprograms.Informationonresearch,admissions,placementsandpeople.

title:	National Institute of Science, Technology and Development Studies, (CSIR, India) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nistads.res.in%2F
desc:	AsciencepolicyInstituteoftheCSIR,GovernmentofIndia.Projectsandresearchefforts,articles,newsandpublicity,lectures,faculty,andfacilitydetails.

title:	Notre Dame, University of 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nd.edu%2F%7Ereilly%2F
desc:	ReillyCenterforScience,TechnologyandValues.

title:	Observatoire des Sciences et des Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ost.uqam.ca%2F
desc:	TheOSTisforthestudyofscience,technologyandinnovation.

title:	Orange County Science, Technology and Society Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chem.uci.edu%2F%7Emtaagepe%2FSciEd%2Fsts.html
desc:	PrograminconnectionwithUniversityofCalifornia-Irvine,aimedatincorporatingscienceandtechnologyissuesmaterialintomiddleandhighschoolcurricula.

title:	Pennsylvania, University of 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhss.sas.upenn.edu%2F
desc:	DescriptionofgraduateandundergraduateprogramsinHistoryandSociologyofScience,facultylist,courselist,contactinformation.

title:	Princeton University: Program in Science, Technology and Environmental Policy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.princeton.edu%2Fstep%2F
desc:	Coursedescriptions,facultyprofiles,relatedconferences,andotherinformation.

title:	Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sts.rpi.edu%2F
desc:	ScienceandTechnologyStudies.

title:	Rob Kling Center for Social Informatics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Frkcsi.indiana.edu%2F
desc:	AprograminSocialInformatics,focusingonthebodyofresearchandstudythatexaminessocialaspectsofcomputerization.IndianaUniversity.

title:	San Diego, University of California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsciencestudies.ucsd.edu%2F
desc:	ScienceStudiesProgram.

title:	Stanford University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stanford.edu%2Fgroup%2FSTS%2F
desc:	PrograminScience,TechnologyandSociety.

title:	Stanford University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FScience_in_Society%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stanford.edu%2Fdept%2FHPS%2F
desc:	HistoryandPhilosophyofScience.

title:	Alverno College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.depts.alverno.edu%2Fssc%2F
desc:	SocialScience(Milwaukee)

title:	Carthage College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carthage.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefaculty,coursesandrequirements.(Kenosha)

title:	University of Wisconsin - Eau Claire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwec.edu%2FSoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(EauClaire)

title:	University of Wisconsin - Madison 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssc.wisc.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Madison)

title:	University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuwm.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Milwaukee)

title:	University of Wisconsin - Oshkosh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.uwosh.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Oshkosh)

title:	University of Wisconsin - Platteville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwplatt.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	SocialSciences(Platteville)

title:	University of Wisconsin - River Falls 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwrf.edu%2FSOCI%2F
desc:	Sociology(RiverFalls)

title:	University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwsp.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(StevensPoint)

title:	University of Wisconsin - Superior 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwsuper.edu%2Facaddept%2Fsi%2Fsociology%2Findex.cfm
desc:	SocialInquiry(Superior)

title:	University of Wisconsin Colleges 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuwc.edu%2Fdepts%2Fanthropology-sociology%2Fanthropology-and-sociology
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(Madison)

title:	University of Wisconsin, La Crosse: Sociology and Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwlax.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefacultyandcourses,whichincludeSociologyandArchaeologyprograms,theCriminalJusticeminorandtheAnthropologyminor.(LaCrosse)

title:	University of Wisconsin: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwp.edu%2Flearn%2Fdepartments%2Fsociologyandanthropology%2F
desc:	Featuresfacultylisting,coursedetails,resourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinKenosha,Wisconsin.

title:	American University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.american.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Washington,D.C.)

title:	Catholic University of America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.cua.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Washington,D.C.)

title:	Gallaudet University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gallaudet.edu%2Fhprs%2Fundergraduate_programs.html
desc:	Sociology(Washington,D.C.)

title:	George Washington University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.columbian.gwu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Washington,D.C.)

title:	Georgetown University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.georgetown.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Washington,D.C.)

title:	Howard University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coas.howard.edu%2Fsociologyanthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology

title:	Averett College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.averett.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors-and-programs%2Fundergraduate%2Fsociology-and-criminal-justice%2F
desc:	Sociology(Danville)

title:	Bridgewater College: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bridgewater.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology
desc:	Offerscareeropportunities,facultylisting,internshipopportunities,programdetailsandcontactinformation.LocatedinBridgewater.

title:	Christopher Newport University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcnu.edu%2Fsswa%2F
desc:	Sociology,SocialWorkandAnthropology(NewportNews)

title:	College of William & Mary: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wm.edu%2Fas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateprograms,faculty,researchandcourses.(Williamsburg)

title:	George Mason University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoan.gmu.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Arlington)

title:	Hollins University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hollins.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,coursesandrequirements.(Roanoke)

title:	James Madison University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jmu.edu%2Fsocanth%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Harrisonburg)

title:	Longwood University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.longwood.edu%2Fsacjs%2F
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandCriminalJustice(Farmville)

title:	Marymount University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marymount.edu%2FAcademics%2FSchool-of-Education-Human-Services%2FUndergraduate-Programs%2FSociology
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(Arlington)

title:	Old Dominion University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fal.odu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(Norfolk)

title:	Radford University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.radford.edu%2Fcontent%2Fchbs%2Fhome%2Fsociology.html
desc:	Sociology(Radford)

title:	Roanoke College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roanoke.edu%2Finside%2Fa-z_index%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Salem)

title:	Univ of Mary Washington: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcas.umw.edu%2Fsociologyanthropology%2Fsociology-program%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsofthefaculty,thesociologyprogram,coursedetailsandrequirements.(Fredericksburg)

title:	University of Richmond: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocanth.richmond.edu%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,research,newsandeventsandcontactinformation.LocatedinRichmond.

title:	University of Virginia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.virginia.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Charlottesville)

title:	Virginia Commonwealth University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.vcu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Richmond)

title:	Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.vt.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Blacksburg)

title:	Virginia Wesleyan College: Department of Sociology and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.vwc.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors%2Fsociology-and-criminal-justice%2F
desc:	Featuresfacultylisting,coursedescriptionsandcontactinformation.LocatedinNorfolk/VirginiaBeach.

title:	Washington & Lee University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.wlu.edu%2Fsociology-and-anthropology
desc:	Sociology(Lexington)

title:	University of Wyoming 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWyoming&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwyo.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Laramie)

title:	Brigham Young University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.byu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Provo)

title:	University of Utah 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.utah.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(SaltLakeCity)

title:	Utah State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsswa.usu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology,SocialWork,andAnthropology(Logan)

title:	Utah State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.usu.edu%2F
desc:	SocialScienceandHumanities(Price)

title:	Weber State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcatsis.weber.edu%2Fsocanthro%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Ogden)

title:	Westminster College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westminstercollege.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(SaltLakeCity)

title:	Marshall University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marshall.edu%2Fdosa%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Huntington)

title:	University of West Virginia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoca.wvu.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Morgantown)

title:	West Virginia State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wvstateu.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Departmentalinformation,courses,curriculum,facultyandstaff.(Institute)

title:	West Virginia Wesleyan College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wvwc.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Fsocial-behavioral-science%2Fsociology-criminal-justice-political-science
desc:	Sociology(Buckhannon)

title:	Big Bend Community College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bigbend.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Presentsdegreeoptions,facultybiographiesandcontactinformation.LocatedinMosesLake.

title:	Central Washington University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cwu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Ellensburg)

title:	Seattle University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.seattleu.edu%2Fartsci%2Fdepartments%2Fassw%2F
desc:	Sociology(Seattle)

title:	University of Washington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.washington.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Seattle)

title:	Walla Walla College: Social Work & Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwallawalla.edu%2Facademics%2Fareas-of-study%2Fundergraduate-programs%2Fschool-of-social-work-and-sociology%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonthedepartment,programsofstudy,thefacultyandalumni.(CollegePlace)

title:	Washington State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsoc.wsu.edu%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,thefaculty,researchandcourses.(Pullman)

title:	Western Washington University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wwu.edu%2Fdepts%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Bellingham)

title:	Whitman College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whitman.edu%2Fcontent%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(WallaWalla)

title:	Whitworth University Sociology Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whitworth.edu%2FAcademic%2FDepartment%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Spokane)

title:	Castleton State College: Sociology, Social Work and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.castleton.edu%2Facademics%2Fundergraduate-programs%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonthedepartment,programsofstudy,thethreedisciplinesandthefaculty.(Castleton)

title:	Middlebury College: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.middlebury.edu%2Facademics%2Fsoan
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefaculty,coursesandrequirements.(Middlebury)

title:	St. Michael's College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Facademics.smcvt.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Colchester)

title:	University of Vermont: Sociology Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvm.edu%2F%7Esoceval%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,eventsandcourseinformation.(Burlington)

title:	East Tennessee State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etsu.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(JohnsonCity)

title:	Lipscomb University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lipscomb.edu%2Fsocialwork
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Nashville)

title:	Middle Tennessee State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtsu.edu%2Fsoc%2Findex.php
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Murfreesboro)

title:	Rhodes College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rhodes.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fanthropology-and-sociology
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(Memphis)

title:	Tennessee Technological University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tntech.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	SociologyandPhilosophy(Cookeville)

title:	University of Memphis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.memphis.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Memphis)

title:	University of Tennessee at Chattanooga 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utc.edu%2Fsociology-anthropology-geography%2F
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandGeography(Chattanooga)

title:	University of Tennessee at Knoxville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.utk.edu%2F%7Eutsocdep%2F
desc:	Sociology(Knoxville)

title:	University of Tennessee at Martin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utm.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology,Anthropology,SocialWorkandCriminalJustice(Martin)

title:	Vanderbilt University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fas.vanderbilt.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Nashville)

title:	Augustana College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.augie.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(SiouxFalls)

title:	Northern State University: Political Science and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northern.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools%2FCAS%2FPrograms%2FPages%2Fsociology.aspx
desc:	Departmentalinformation,facultyprofiles,coursesandrequirements.(Aberdeen)

title:	South Dakota State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdstate.edu%2Facademics%2Fundergraduate-majors%2Fsociology
desc:	Departmentinformation,thefaculty,internships,coursesandfacilities.(Brookings)

title:	University of South Dakota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usd.edu%2Farts-and-sciences%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Vermillion)

title:	Brown University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brown.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Providence)

title:	Rhode Island College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ric.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Providence)

title:	Salve Regina University: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salve.edu%2Fcontent%2Fsociology-and-anthropology
desc:	Departmentalinformation,coursecatalog,scheduleofclasses,thefacultyandresources.(Newport)

title:	University of Rhode Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uri.edu%2Fartsci%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Kingston)

title:	Angelo State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelo.edu%2Fdept%2Fpsychology_sociology%2F
desc:	PsychologyandSociology(SanAngelo)

title:	Baylor University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baylor.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology,SocialWorkandAnthropology(Waco)

title:	Del Mar College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delmar.edu%2Fsocsci%2Findex.html
desc:	SocialSciences(CorpusChristi)

title:	El Paso Community College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epcc.edu%2FInstructionalPrograms%2Fsociology
desc:	Departmentalinformation,facultymembersandcourses.(ElPaso)

title:	McMurry University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcm.edu%2Facademic%2Fdepts%2Fsociology%2Fsociol.htm
desc:	Sociology(Abilene)

title:	Midwestern State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mwsu.edu%2Facademics%2Flibarts%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(WichitaFalls)

title:	Odessa College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.odessa.edu%2Fprograms%2FArts-and-Sciences%2FPsychology-and-Sociology%2Findex.html
desc:	PsychologyandSociology(Odessa)

title:	Our Lady of the Lake University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ollusa.edu%2Fs%2F1190%2Fhybrid%2Fdefault-hybrid-ollu.aspx%3Fsid%3D1190%26gid%3D1%26pgid%3D7825%26_ga%3D1.105345475.1550041068.1480878594
desc:	Sociology(SanAntonio)

title:	Rice University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.rice.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Houston)

title:	Sam Houston State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shsu.edu%2F%7Esoc_www%2F
desc:	Sociology(Huntsville)

title:	Southern Methodist University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smu.edu%2Fdedman%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Dallas)

title:	Southwestern University: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southwestern.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociologyanthropology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,themajorandminorprogramsandthecurriculum.(Georgetown)

title:	St. Edward's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.stedwards.edu%2Fundergraduate%2Fsociology
desc:	BehavioralandSocialSciences(Austin)

title:	St. Mary's University of Texas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.stmarytx.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(SanAntonio)

title:	Stephen F. Austin State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfasu.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Nacogdoches)

title:	Tarleton State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tarleton.edu%2Fsocialsciences%2Fsociology.html
desc:	Sociology(Stephenville)

title:	Texas A&M International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tamiu.edu%2Fcoas%2Fpsy%2F
desc:	SocialSciences(Laredo)

title:	Texas A&M University - Kingsville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tamuk.edu%2Fpsycsoci%2F
desc:	PsychologyandSociology(Kingsville)

title:	Texas A&M University: Department of Sociology and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.tamu.edu%2F
desc:	Offersprogramandcoursedetails,facultyandstafflistingsandcontactinformation.LocatedinCommerce.

title:	Texas Christian University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.tcu.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(FortWorth)

title:	Texas State University - San Marcos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soci.txstate.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(SanMarcos)

title:	Texas Tech University: Department of Sociology, Anthropology and Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.depts.ttu.edu%2Fsasw%2F
desc:	Offersannouncements,programdetailsandadministrativecontactinformation.LocatedinLubbock.

title:	Texas Wesleyan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.txwes.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(FortWorth)

title:	Texas Woman's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twu.edu%2Fsociology-social-work%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Denton)

title:	Eastern Oregon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpeople.eou.edu%2Fanthsoc%2F
desc:	Anthropology/Sociology(LaGrande)

title:	Lewis and Clark College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcollege.lclark.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology_and_anthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Portland)

title:	Linfield College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.linfield.edu%2Fsoan.html
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(McMinnville)

title:	Oregon State University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Foregonstate.edu%2Fcla%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Offersprograms,facultylisting,research,resourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinCorvallis.

title:	Portland State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pdx.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Portland)

title:	Trinity University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.trinity.edu%2Fx5237.xml
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(SanAntonio)

title:	University of Houston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uh.edu%2Fclass%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Houston)

title:	University of North Texas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.unt.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Denton)

title:	University of Texas at Austin: Sociology Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utexas.edu%2Fcola%2Fdepts%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Informationondepartmentprogramsandadmissions,aswellasformsandresources.

title:	University of Texas at El Paso 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Facademics.utep.edu%2FDefault.aspx%3Falias%3Dacademics.utep.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(ElPaso)

title:	University of Texas at San Antonio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcolfa.utsa.edu%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(SanAntonio)

title:	Reed College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reed.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Portland)

title:	Southern Oregon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sou.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Ashland)

title:	University of Oregon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdarkwing.uoregon.edu%2F%7Esociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Eugene)

title:	Western Oregon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wou.edu%2Flas%2Fsocsci%2F
desc:	SocialScience(Monmouth)

title:	University of Texas Rio Grande Valley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utrgv.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	BehavioralSciences

title:	University of Texas, Arlington: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uta.edu%2Fsocio-anthro%2F
desc:	Addressandcontactdetails,andfullcoverageoffaculty,programs,degreesandcourses.(Arlington)

title:	Cameron University: Criminal Justice and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cameron.edu%2Fcj_sociology
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,degreeprograms,coursedescriptions,thefacultyandstaff.(Lawton)

title:	East Central University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecok.edu%2Facademic-affairs-programs%2Facademics%2Fcolleges-schools%2Fcollege-liberal-arts-and-social-sciences%2Fsociology
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,majors,minorsandcourses.(Ada)

title:	Northwestern Oklahoma State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nwosu.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	ProvidesinformationonthedepartmentanddegreeprogramswhichincludeCriminalJustice,HistoryandGlobalStudies,PoliticalScienceandPublicAdministration,andSocialScienceEducation.(Alva)

title:	Oklahoma Baptist University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.okbu.edu%2Fcatalog%2Fprograms%2Fsociology.html
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandSocialWork(Shawnee).

title:	Oklahoma City University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okcu.edu%2Fartsci%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(OklahomaCity)

title:	Oklahoma State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.okstate.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Stillwater)

title:	University of Central Oklahoma: Sociology, Criminal Justice and Substance Abuse Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uco.edu%2Fla%2Fsoc-gero-sas%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonundergraduateandgraduateprogramsandthefaculty.(Edmond)

title:	University of Oklahoma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoc.ou.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Norman)

title:	University of Tulsa: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=https%3A%2F%2Fartsandsciences.utulsa.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-schools%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramsofstudy,research,newsandcontactinformation.LocatedinTulsa.

title:	Bryn Mawr College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brynmawr.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(BrynMawr)

title:	Bucknell University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bucknell.edu%2FAnthropology.xml
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Lewisburg)

title:	California University of Pennsylvania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calu.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(California)

title:	Carnegie Mellon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmu.edu%2Fdietrich%2Fsds%2F
desc:	SocialandDecisionSciences(Pittsburgh)

title:	Cedar Crest College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.cedarcrest.edu%2Facademic%2Fsocsci%2Fsociology.shtm
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateprogram,courses,facultyandresearch.(Allentown)

title:	Clarion University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clarion.edu%2Facademics%2Fdegrees-programs%2Fssc%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonthedepartment,gettingstartedandtheoptionsavailable.(Clarion)

title:	Dickinson College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dickinson.edu%2Fhomepage%2F106%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Carlisle)

title:	Duquesne University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.duq.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Fliberal-arts%2Facademic-programs%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Pittsburgh)

title:	Eastern Mennonite University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emu.edu%2Fapplied-social-sciences%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Harrisonburg).

title:	Eastern University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eastern.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology-and-criminal-justice-department
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,majors,coursedescriptions,internships,thefacultyandadmissions.(St.Davids)

title:	Edinboro University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edinboro.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools-and-departments%2Fcahss%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2Findex.html
desc:	Departmentalinformation,careeropportunities,thefacultyandprograminformation.(Edinboro)

title:	Elizabethtown College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etown.edu%2Fdepts%2Fsociology-anthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Elizabethtown)

title:	Franklin & Marshall College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fandm.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Lancaster)

title:	Gettysburg College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gettysburg.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Gettysburg)

title:	Immaculata College: Sociology, Criminology and Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.immaculata.edu%2Fnode%2F275
desc:	Providesavisionstatementandinformationontheprogramandcourses.(Philadelphia).

title:	Indiana University of Pennsylvania: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iup.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationontheundergraduateandgraduateprogramsandthefaculty.(Indiana)

title:	Juniata College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdepartments.juniata.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Huntington)

title:	Kutztown University of Pennsylvania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.kutztown.edu%2FAnthropologySociology%2F
desc:	Anthropology&Sociology(Kutztown)

title:	Lafayette College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanthrosoc.lafayette.edu%2F
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(Easton)

title:	Lehigh University: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocanthro.cas2.lehigh.edu%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,faculty,researchandcareers.(Bethlehem)

title:	Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lhup.edu%2Fcolleges%2Fliberal_arts_education%2Fsociology_anthropology%2F
desc:	Sociology,Anthropology,andGeography(LockHaven)

title:	Lycoming College: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lycoming.edu%2FsociologyAnthropology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefaculty,researchandcourses.(Williamsport)

title:	Mansfield University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mansfield.edu%2Fanthropology-sociology%2F
desc:	SocialWork,AnthropologyandSociology(Mansfield).

title:	Messiah College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.messiah.edu%2Finfo%2F20196%2Fdepartment_of_sociology_anthropology_and_criminal_justice
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandCriminalJustice(Grantham).

title:	Millersville University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.millersville.edu%2F%7Esocanth%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Millersville)

title:	Moravian College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moravian.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Bethlehem)

title:	Muhlenberg College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muhlenberg.edu%2Fmain%2Facademics%2Fsoc-anth%2F
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(Allentown)

title:	Pennsylvania State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.la.psu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(UniversityPark)

title:	Saint Francis University: Sociology and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffrancis.edu%2Fsociology-criminal-justice%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thecoursesandfaculty.(Loretto)

title:	Shippensburg University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ship.edu%2FAcademics%2FPrograms%2FUndergraduate%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Shippensburg)

title:	Slippery Rock University University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.sru.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors-and-minors%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology,Anthropology,andSocialWork(SlipperyRock)

title:	St. Joseph's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sju.edu%2Fint%2Facademics%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(Philadelphia)

title:	Susquehanna University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.susqu.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors-and-minors%2Fdepartment-of-sociology-and-anthropology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Selinsgrove)

title:	Swarthmore College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swarthmore.edu%2Fsociology-anthropology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Swarthmore)

title:	Temple University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.temple.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Philadelphia)

title:	University of Pennsylvania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.sas.upenn.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Philadelphia)

title:	University of Pittsburgh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.pitt.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Pittsburgh)

title:	University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upj.pitt.edu%2FSociology
desc:	Sociology(Johnstown)

title:	University of Scranton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scranton.edu%2Facademics%2Fcas%2Fsoc-cj%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(Scranton)

title:	Ursinus College: Anthropology and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ursinus.edu%2Facademics%2Fanthropology-and-sociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,facultylistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinCollegeville.

title:	Villanova University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww1.villanova.edu%2Fvillanova%2Fartsci%2Fsociology.html
desc:	Sociology(Villanova)

title:	Waynesburg College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.waynesburg.edu%2Fundergraduate%2Fundergraduate-majors%2Fsocial-sciences
desc:	SocialScience(Waynesburg)

title:	West Chester University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wcupa.edu%2F_ACADEMICS%2Fsch_cas.ant%2F
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(WestChester)

title:	Westminster College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westminster.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors-programs%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,coursesandrequirements.(NewWilmington)

title:	Widener University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.widener.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Farts_sciences%2Fundergraduate%2Fsocial_sciences%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationontheSociologymajorprogramandthefaculty.(Chester)

title:	Wilkes University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wilkes.edu%2Facademics%2Fcolleges%2Farts-humanities-social-sciences%2Fbehavioral-social-sciences%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefaculty,coursesandrequirements.(Wilkes-Barre)

title:	Wilson College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.wilson.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	PsychologyandSociology(Chambersburg)

title:	Bowling Green State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bgsu.edu%2Farts-and-sciences%2Fsociology.html
desc:	Sociology(BowlingGreen)

title:	Capital University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.capital.edu%2FSociology-and-Criminology%2F
desc:	BehavioralSciences(Columbus)

title:	Case Western Reserve University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.case.edu%2Fartsci%2Fsoci%2F
desc:	Sociology(Cleveland)

title:	Cedarville University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cedarville.edu%2FAcademics%2FSocial-Work.aspx
desc:	SocialWork,CriminalJustice,andSociology(Cedarville)

title:	Cleveland State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csuohio.edu%2Fclass%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Cleveland)

title:	College of Mount St. Joseph: Sociology and Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msj.edu%2Facademics%2Fdivisions-departments%2Fdivision-of-behavioral-natural-sciences%2Fdepartment-of-social-work%2F
desc:	Offersadualmajorincriminologyandsociology,amajorinsociology,andminorsincriminology,sociology,andsocio-psychology.(Cincinnati)

title:	College of Wooster: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.wooster.edu%2Facademics%2Fareas%2Fsocio-anthro%2F
desc:	Featuresfacultyandstafflisting,research,programdescriptions,coursesandcontactdetails.LocatedinWooster,Ohio.

title:	Columbus State Community College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cscc.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsocial-science%2Fsociology-criminology.shtml
desc:	SocialandBehavioralSciences(Columbus)

title:	Denison University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdenison.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology-anthropology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Granville)

title:	John Carroll University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jcu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Cleveland)

title:	Kent State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kent.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Kent)

title:	Kenyon College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kenyon.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-programs%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Gambier)

title:	Lourdes College: Sociology and Justice Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lourdes.edu%2Facademics%2Fundergraduate-majors-programs%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,degreeprograms,coursedescriptions,thefacultyandstaff.(Sylvania)

title:	Miami University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.units.miamioh.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandGerontology(Oxford)

title:	Oberlin College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnew.oberlin.edu%2Farts-and-sciences%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2Findex.dot
desc:	Sociology(Oberlin)

title:	Ohio Northern University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onu.edu%2Farts_sciences%2Fpsychology_sociology_criminal_justice%2Fareas_of_study%2Fsociology
desc:	Psychology,Sociology&CriminalJustice(Ada)

title:	Ohio State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.osu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Columbus)

title:	Ohio University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ohio.edu%2Fsocanth%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Athens)

title:	Ohio Wesleyan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoan.owu.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Delaware)

title:	Otterbein College: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.otterbein.edu%2Fpublic%2FAcademics%2FDepartments%2FSociology.aspx
desc:	Featuresprograms,courses,employmentopportunities,scholarshipsandawardsandcontactinformation.LocatedinWesterville.

title:	Sinclair Community College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sinclair.edu%2Facademics%2Fdivisions%2Flcs%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Dayton)

title:	University of Akron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uakron.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Akron)

title:	University of Cincinnati 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artsci.uc.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology.html
desc:	Sociology(Cincinnati)

title:	University of Dayton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fudayton.edu%2Fartssciences%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2Fwelcome%2Findex.php
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandSocialWork(Dayton)

title:	University of Toledo: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utoledo.edu%2Fal%2Fsa%2F
desc:	Featuresprograms,facultylisting,resourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinToledo.

title:	Wittenberg University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww5.wittenberg.edu%2Facademics%2Fsoci.html
desc:	Sociology(Springfield)

title:	Wright State University: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fliberal-arts.wright.edu%2Fsociology-and-anthropology
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,faculty,requirementsandcourses.(Dayton)

title:	Xavier University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xavier.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	DepartmentofPoliticalScienceandSociology(Cincinnati)

title:	Youngstown State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.ysu.edu%2Fclass%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Youngstown)

title:	Charleston Southern University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csuniv.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Charleston)

title:	Clemson University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clemson.edu%2Fcbbs%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Clemson)

title:	College of Charleston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.cofc.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Charleston)

title:	Francis Marion University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fmarion.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology
desc:	Offersamajor,minorandcollateralinsociologyandalsooffersaconcentrationincriminaljustice.(Florence)

title:	Furman University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.furman.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Greenville)

title:	Lander University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lander.edu%2Facademics%2FColleges-Departments%2FBusiness-Public-Affairs%2FPolitical-Social-Sciences.aspx
desc:	Sociology(Greenwood)

title:	University of South Carolina: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartsandsciences.sc.edu%2Fsocy%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,thefacultyandcourses.(Columbia)

title:	York Technical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.yorktech.edu%2FCourse%2F26198%2F42960%2F
desc:	SocialScience(RockHill)

title:	North Dakota State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Dakota&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ndsu.edu%2Fsocanth%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Fargo)

title:	University of North Dakota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Farts-sciences.und.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(GrandForks)

title:	Eastern New Mexico University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fliberal-arts.enmu.edu%2Fhumanities%2Fsociology.shtml
desc:	History,HumanitiesandSocialSciences(Portales)

title:	New Mexico Highlands University: Social and Behaviorial Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmhu.edu%2Fcurrent-students%2Fundergraduate%2Farts-and-sciences%2Fsociology-anthropology-criminal-justice%2Fsociology-anthropology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateprogramsinSociologyandAnthropology,PsychologyandCriminalJustice.(LasVegas)

title:	New Mexico State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.nmsu.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(LasCruces)

title:	University of New Mexico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unm.edu%2F%7Esocdept%2F
desc:	Sociology(Albuquerque)

title:	Western New Mexico University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialsciences.wnmu.edu%2Fundergrad%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SocialSciences(SilverCity)

title:	The College of New Jersey 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.pages.tcnj.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Trenton)

title:	Georgian Court University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeorgian.edu%2Fcriminal-justice-anthropology-sociology%2F
desc:	CriminalJustice,AnthropologyandSociology(Lakewood)

title:	Kean University: Department of Sociology and and Social Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kean.edu%2Facademics%2Fnathan-weiss-graduate-college%2Fsociology-and-social-justice-ma
desc:	Offersageneraloverview,faculty,courses,newsandlinks.LocatedinUnion.

title:	Montclair State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.montclair.edu%2Fchss%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,major,minorandinterdisciplinaryprograms.(UpperMontclair)

title:	Princeton University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.princeton.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Princeton)

title:	Rider University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rider.edu%2Facademics%2Fcolleges-schools%2Fcollege-liberal-arts-education-science%2Fliberal-arts-programs%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Lawrenceville)

title:	Rowan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rowan.edu%2Fcolleges%2Fchss%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Glassboro)

title:	Rutgers University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.rutgers.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Piscataway)

title:	Rutgers University - Camden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.camden.rutgers.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandCriminalJustice(Camden).

title:	Rutgers University - Newark 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncas.rutgers.edu%2Fsocant
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Newark)

title:	Saint Peter's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saintpeters.edu%2Fsociology-urban-studies%2F
desc:	Sociology(JerseyCity)

title:	Seton Hall University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shu.edu%2Facademics%2Fartsci%2Fsociology-anthropology-social-work%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(SouthOrange)

title:	William Paterson University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wpunj.edu%2Fcohss%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationontheundergraduateandgraduateprogramsandthefaculty.(Wayne)

title:	Appalachian State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.appstate.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Boone)

title:	Davidson College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davidson.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Davidson)

title:	Duke University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.duke.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Durham)

title:	East Carolina University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecu.edu%2Fsoci%2F
desc:	Sociology(Greenville)

title:	Elon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elon.edu%2Fe-web%2Facademics%2Felon_college%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Elon)

title:	Fayetteville State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uncfsu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Fayetteville)

title:	Guilford College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guilford.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-and-programs%2Fsociology-anthropology%2Findex.aspx
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Greensboro)

title:	High Point University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.highpoint.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(HighPoint)

title:	Lenoir-Rhyne University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.lr.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Includesinformationonthedepartment,degreeprogramsandthefaculty.(Hickory)

title:	North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ncat.edu%2Fchhs%2Fdepartments%2Fswso%2Fsociology-program.html
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Greensboro)

title:	North Carolina Central University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nccu.edu%2Facademics%2Fsc%2Fsocialsciences%2Fsociology%2Findex.cfm
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,degreeprograms,thefacultyandstaff.(Durham)

title:	North Carolina State University: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsocant.chass.ncsu.edu%2F
desc:	Offersfacultyandstafflisting,programdetails,coursesandcontactinformation.LocatedinRaleigh.

title:	University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.unc.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(ChapelHill)

title:	University of North Carolina, Charlotte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.uncc.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Charlotte)

title:	University of North Carolina, Greensboro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoc.uncg.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Greensboro)

title:	University of North Carolina, Pembroke 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uncp.edu%2Facademics%2Fcolleges-schools-departments%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology-and-criminal-justice
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(Pembroke)

title:	University of North Carolina, Wilmington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uncw.edu%2Fsoccrm%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Wilmington)

title:	Wake Forest University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcollege.wfu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Winston-Salem)

title:	Barnard College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsociology.barnard.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewYork)

title:	Binghamton University (SUNY) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.binghamton.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Binghamton)

title:	Canisius College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canisius.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Buffalo)

title:	City University of New York, Baruch College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baruch.cuny.edu%2Fwsas%2Facademics%2Fanthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(NewYork)

title:	City University of New York, Brooklyn College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brooklyn.cuny.edu%2Fweb%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Fsocialsciences%2Fundergraduate%2Fsociology.php
desc:	Sociology(NewYork)

title:	City University of New York, College of Staten Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csi.cuny.edu%2Fcatalog%2Fundergraduate%2Fsociology-and-anthropology.htm
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandSocialWork(StatenIsland)

title:	City University of New York, Graduate Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gc.cuny.edu%2FPage-Elements%2FAcademics-Research-Centers-Initiatives%2FDoctoral-Programs%2FSociology
desc:	Sociology(NewYork)

title:	City University of New York, Hunter College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hunter.cuny.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology

title:	City University of New York, Lehman College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lehman.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork

title:	Colgate University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colgate.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-and-programs%2Fsociology-and-anthropology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Hamilton)

title:	College at Cortland (SUNY) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.cortland.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Cortland)

title:	College at Fredonia (SUNY) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fredonia.edu%2Fdepartment%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Fredonia)

title:	College at Genesco (SUNY) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geneseo.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Genesco)

title:	College at Potsdam (SUNY): Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.potsdam.edu%2Facademics%2FAAS%2FSoci%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,courses,facultylisting,internshipandcareeropportunitiesandcontactinformation.LocatedinPotsdam.

title:	College of Mount St. Vincent: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmountsaintvincent.edu%2Facademics%2Fundergraduate-college%2Fareas-of-study%2Fall-areas-of-study%2Fdepartment-of-sociology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,sampleprograms,coursedescriptionsandrequirements.(Riverdale)

title:	Columbia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.columbia.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewYork)

title:	Cornell University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.cornell.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Ithaca)

title:	Fordham University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fordham.edu%2Finfo%2F20853%2Fsociology_and_anthropology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(NewYork)

title:	Hamilton College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamilton.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2FHome%3Fdept%3DSociology
desc:	Sociology(Clinton)

title:	Hobart and William Smith Colleges: Anthropology and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hws.edu%2Facademics%2Fanthrosoc%2F
desc:	Faculty,curricula,internshipsandfieldresearch.(Geneva)

title:	Houghton College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.houghton.edu%2Fpsychology-and-sociology%2F
desc:	PsychologyandSociology(Houghton).

title:	Iona College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iona.edu%2FAcademics%2FSchool-of-Arts-Science%2FDepartments%2FSociology.aspx
desc:	Sociology(NewRochelle)

title:	Ithaca College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ithaca.edu%2Fhs%2Fdepts%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Ithaca)

title:	Le Moyne College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lemoyne.edu%2FUNDERGRADUATE%2FSociology%2Ftabid%2F997%2FDefault.aspx
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,facultyandcourses.(Syracuse)

title:	Long Island University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liu.edu%2FCWPost%2FAcademics%2FSchools%2FCLAS%2FDept%2FSoc-Anthro
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Brookville)

title:	Manhattan College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmanhattan.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools-and-departments%2Fschool-of-liberal-arts%2F.sociology-dept%2Findex.php
desc:	Sociology(Riverdale)

title:	Marist College: Sociology and Social Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marist.edu%2Fsbs%2Fsocial%2F
desc:	Departmentandcourseinformation,programhandbookandfacultybiographies.(Poughkeepsie)

title:	New School University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newschool.edu%2Fnssr%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthegraduateprogramsandthefaculty.(NewYork)

title:	New York University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.fas.nyu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewYork)

title:	Queens College, CUNY 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qc.cuny.edu%2FAcademics%2FDegrees%2FDSS%2FSociology
desc:	Sociology(NewYork)

title:	Rochester Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.rit.edu%2Fcla%2Fsocanthro%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Rochester)

title:	Skidmore College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skidmore.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(SaratogaSprings)

title:	St. Bonaventure University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbu.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Farts-and-sciences%2Fdepartments-majors-minors%2Fsociology
desc:	Programs,faculty,curriculaandplansofstudy.

title:	St. Lawrence University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stlawu.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Canton)

title:	State University of New York, New Paltz: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newpaltz.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentinformation,thefaculty,careers,internships,coursesandfacilities.(NewPaltz)

title:	SUNY Buffalo State 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.buffalostate.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Buffalo)

title:	SUNY College at Old Westbury 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.oldwestbury.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandCriminology(OldWestbury)

title:	SUNY Oneonta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oneonta.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Oneonta)

title:	SUNY Oswego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.oswego.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Oswego)

title:	SUNY Stony Brook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stonybrook.edu%2Fcommcms%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(StonyBrook)

title:	Syracuse University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maxwell.syr.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Syracuse)

title:	Union College: Sociology Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.union.edu%2Facademic%2Fmajors-minors%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Offersprogramdetails,facultylisting,news,career-relatedresourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinSchenectady.

title:	University of Albany (SUNY) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albany.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Albany)

title:	University of Buffalo (SUNY) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.buffalo.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Buffalo)

title:	University of Plattsburgh (SUNY) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plattsburgh.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(Plattsburgh)

title:	Vassar College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.vassar.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Poughkeepsie)

title:	Dartmouth College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.dartmouth.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Hanover)

title:	Keene State College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keene.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Kenne)

title:	Plymouth State College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plymouth.edu%2Fdepartment%2Fsocial-science%2F
desc:	SocialScience(Plymouth)

title:	St. Anselm College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anselm.edu%2FAcademics%2FMajors-and-Departments%2FSociology%2FSociology.htm
desc:	Sociology(Manchester)

title:	University of New Hampshire 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcola.unh.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Durham)

title:	Chadron State College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csc.edu%2Fsocialsci%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,degreeprograms,coursedescriptions,thecoursescheduleandfaculty.(Chadron)

title:	University of Nebraska at Kearney 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unk.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Kearney)

title:	University of Nebraska at Lincoln 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoc.unl.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Lincoln)

title:	University of Nebraska at Omaha: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unomaha.edu%2Fsocanth%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprogramsandthefaculty.(Omaha)

title:	University of Nevada, Las Vegas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.unlv.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(LasVegas)

title:	University of Nevada, Reno 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unr.edu%2Fcla%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Reno)

title:	Montana State University - Billings: Sociology, Political Science, Native American Studies and Environmental Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msubillings.edu%2Fcas%2FNAMS%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,degreesandprograms,coursedescriptions,careeropeningsandthefaculty.(Billings)

title:	University of Montana: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cas.umt.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefieldsofstudy,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,facultyandstaff.(Missoula)

title:	Millsaps College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.millsaps.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology-anthropology.php
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Jackson).

title:	Mississippi State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.msstate.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology,Anthropology,andSocialWork(MississippiState)

title:	Mississippi Valley State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mvsu.edu%2Facademics%2Facademic-programs%2Fsocial-sciences-homepage%2Fundergraduate%2Fba-sociology
desc:	SocialSciences(IttaBena)

title:	University of Mississippi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocanth.olemiss.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Oxford)

title:	University of Southern Mississippi: Anthropology and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usm.edu%2Fanthropology-sociology
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefaculty,degreeprograms,coursedescriptionsandresearch.(Hattiesburg)

title:	Augsburg College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.augsburg.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Minneapolis)

title:	Bethel College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcas.bethel.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fanthropology-sociology%2F
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(St.Paul)

title:	Carleton College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=https%3A%2F%2Fapps.carleton.edu%2Fcurricular%2Fsoan%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Northfield)

title:	College of St. Benedict & St. John's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csbsju.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Collegeville)

title:	College of St. Catherine: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.stkate.edu%2Facademics%2Fbachelors-degrees%2Facademic-programs%2Fsociology
desc:	Departmentalinformation,careerpossibilities,thefaculty,majorandminorprograms.(Minneapolis)

title:	Concordia College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.concordiacollege.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-programs%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonthedepartment,programsofstudy,thefacultyandalumni.(Moorhead)

title:	Hamline University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamline.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(St.Paul)

title:	Macalester College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macalester.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(St.Paul)

title:	Minnesota State University, Mankato 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsbs.mnsu.edu%2Fsoccorr%2F
desc:	SociologyandCorrections(Mankato)

title:	St. Cloud State University: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stcloudstate.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentinformation,thefaculty,internships,coursesandprograms.(St.Cloud)

title:	St. Olaf College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwp.stolaf.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Northfield)

title:	University of Minnesota Duluth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.d.umn.edu%2Fsocanth%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Duluth)

title:	University of Minnesota Morris 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.morris.umn.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Morris)

title:	University of Minnesota Twin Cities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.umn.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Minneapolis)

title:	Winona State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.winona.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Winona)

title:	Albion College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.albion.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fanthropology-and-sociology
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(Albion)

title:	Alma College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alma.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Alma)

title:	Calvin College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calvin.edu%2Facademic%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(GrandRapids)

title:	Central Michigan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmich.edu%2Fcolleges%2Fchsbs%2FSASW
desc:	Sociology(MountPleasant)

title:	Delta College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delta.edu%2Fsocsci%2Fsociology.aspx
desc:	Sociology(UniversityCenter)

title:	Eastern Michigan University: Sociology, Anthropology and Criminology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emich.edu%2Fsac%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,thefacultyandstaff.(Ypsilanti)

title:	Grand Valley State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gvsu.edu%2Fsoc-dept%2F
desc:	Sociology(Allendale)

title:	Hillsdale College: Sociology and Social Thought 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hillsdale.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,coursesandrequirements,andtheSociologyClub.(Hillsdale)

title:	Hope College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hope.edu%2Facademic%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Holland)

title:	Madonna University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.madonna.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsocial-work-and-sociology%3Fm%3DSOC
desc:	Sociology(Livonia)

title:	Michigan State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.msu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(EastLansing)

title:	Michigan Technological University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtu.edu%2Fsocial-sciences%2F
desc:	SocialScience(Houghton)

title:	Monroe County Community College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monroeccc.edu%2Fhumaniti%2Fhumaniti.htm
desc:	HumanitiesandSocialScience(Monroe)

title:	Northern Michigan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmu.edu%2Fsociologyandanthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Marquette)

title:	Oakland University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.oakland.edu%2Fsocan%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Rochester)

title:	Saginaw Valley State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svsu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(UniversityCenter)

title:	University of Michigan, Ann Arbor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lsa.umich.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(AnnArbor)

title:	University of Michigan-Dearborn: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fumdearborn.edu%2Fcasl%2Findex.php%3Fid%3D544101
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,courses,requirementsandresearchopportunities.(Dearborn)

title:	Wayne State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clas.wayne.edu%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,faculty,researchandcourses.(Detroit)

title:	Western Michigan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wmich.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Kalamazoo)

title:	Central Missouri State University: Sociology, Gerontology and Cross-Disciplinary Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucmo.edu%2Fsgcd%2F
desc:	Providesinformationontheundergraduateandgraduateprograms,whichincludeSocialGerontology,andthefaculty.(Warrensburg)

title:	Northwest Missouri State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nwmissouri.edu%2Flibrary%2Fcourses%2Fpsc.htm
desc:	Psychology,Sociology,andCounseling(Maryville)

title:	Southeast Missouri State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.semo.edu%2Fcriminaljustice%2F
desc:	CriminalJusticeandSociology(CapeGirardeau)

title:	Southwest Baptist University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbuniv.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology.php
desc:	BehavioralSciences(Bolivar)

title:	Southwest Missouri State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.missouristate.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Springfield)

title:	St. Louis University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.slu.edu%2Fdepartment-of-sociology-and-anthropology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(St.Louis)

title:	Truman State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.truman.edu%2Fmajors-programs%2Fmajors-minors%2Fsociology-anthropology-major%2F
desc:	DepartmentofSocietyandAnthropology(Kirksville)

title:	University of Missouri St. Louis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umsl.edu%2Fdivisions%2Fartscience%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(St.Louis)

title:	Amherst College: Department of Anthropology and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amherst.edu%2Facademiclife%2Fdepartments%2Fanthropology_sociology
desc:	Includescourses,majors,facultyandstafflisting,prizesandawardsandcontactinformation.LocatedinAmherst.

title:	Assumption College: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.assumption.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology-criminology-anthropology%2Fsociology
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,facultyspecialties,recentgraduatesandemployersandcontactinformation.LocatedinWorcester.

title:	Boston College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bc.edu%2Fschools%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Boston)

title:	Boston University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Boston)

title:	Brandeis University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brandeis.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Waltham)

title:	College of the Holy Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.holycross.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology-and-anthropology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Worcester)

title:	Gordon College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gordon.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Wenham)

title:	Harvard University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.fas.harvard.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Cambridge)

title:	Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.mit.edu%2Fsts%2F
desc:	Science,TechnologyandSociety(Cambridge)

title:	Mount Holyoke College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtholyoke.edu%2Facad%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(SouthHadley)

title:	Northeastern University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northeastern.edu%2Fsocant%2F
desc:	Sociology(Boston)

title:	Salem State College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salemstate.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Salem)

title:	Smith College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smith.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Northampton)

title:	Tufts University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fase.tufts.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresfacultylisting,courseandprogramdetails,news,eventsandcontactdetails.LocatedinMedford.

title:	University of Massachusetts Boston: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.umb.edu%2Facademics%2Fcla%2Fsociology
desc:	Providesinformationontheundergraduateandgraduateprograms,thefacultyandcareers.(Boston)

title:	University of Massachusetts Lowell 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uml.edu%2Ffahss%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Lowell)

title:	Wellesley College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wellesley.edu%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Wellesley)

title:	Westfield State College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westfield.ma.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,majorandminorcoursesandrequirements.(Westfield)

title:	Williams College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.williams.edu%2FAnthSoc%2F
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(Williamstown)

title:	Bellamine College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bellarmine.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Louisville)

title:	Berea College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berea.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Berea)

title:	Centre College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.centre.edu%2Fant%2F
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(Danville).

title:	Morehead State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.moreheadstate.edu%2Fsswc%2F
desc:	Sociology,SocialWorkandCriminology(Morehead)

title:	Murray State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.murraystate.edu%2Facademics%2FCollegesDepartments%2FCollegeOfHumanitiesAndFineArts%2FpoliticalScienceandSociology%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Sociology,Anthropology,andSocialWork(Murray)

title:	Northern Kentucky University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartscience.nku.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsapdept%2Fsociology.html
desc:	Sociology(HighlandHeights)

title:	University of Kentucky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsoc.as.uky.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Lexington)

title:	University of Louisville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Flouisville.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Louisville)

title:	Western Kentucky University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.wku.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(BowlingGreen)

title:	Bates College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bates.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Lewiston)

title:	Bowdoin College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bowdoin.edu%2Fsocanthro%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Brunswick)

title:	Colby College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colby.edu%2Fsociologydept%2F
desc:	Sociology(Waterville)

title:	University of Maine: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umaine.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,majorandminorrequirements,careeropportunitiesandcourses.(Orono)

title:	University of Southern Maine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=https%3A%2F%2Fusm.maine.edu%2Fcriminology-economics-sociology
desc:	Sociology(Portland)

title:	Benedictine College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.benedictine.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology-criminology%2Findex
desc:	Sociology(Atchison)

title:	Emporia State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emporia.edu%2Fsocanth%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Emporia)

title:	Fort Hays State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fhsu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Hays)

title:	Johnson County Community College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jccc.edu%2Facademics%2Fhumanities-social-science%2Fsociology%2Findex.html
desc:	Sociology(OverlandPark)

title:	Kansas State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k-state.edu%2Fsasw%2F
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandSocialWork(Manhattan)

title:	Pittsburg State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcas.pittstate.edu%2FSocialSciences%2F
desc:	Sociology(Pittsburg)

title:	University of Kansas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.ku.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Lawrence)

title:	Washburn University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washburn.edu%2Facademics%2Fcollege-schools%2Farts-sciences%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology-anthropology%2Findex.html
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Topeka)

title:	Wichita State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebs.wichita.edu%2F%3Fu%3Dsociology
desc:	Sociology(Wichita)

title:	Frostburg State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frostburg.edu%2Fdept%2Fsoci%2F
desc:	SocialWork(Frostburg)

title:	Hood College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hood.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology-and-social-work%2Findex.html
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Frederick)

title:	Johns Hopkins University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.jhu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Baltimore)

title:	Loyola University in Maryland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loyola.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Baltimore)

title:	McDaniel College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcdaniel.edu%2Fundergraduate%2Fthe-mcdaniel-plan%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Westminster)

title:	Mount St. Mary's College: Sociology and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.msmary.edu%2FSchool_of_education_and_human_services%2Fdepartment-of-sociology%2Findex.html
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thetraditionalandacceleratedundergraduateprograms,coursedescriptionsandthefaculty.(Emmitsburg)

title:	Salisbury University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salisbury.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Salisbury)

title:	St. Mary's College of Maryland: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smcm.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonthedepartment,programsofstudyandthefaculty.(St.Mary'sCity)

title:	Towson University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.towson.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandCriminalJustice(Towson).

title:	University of Maryland, Baltimore Country 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.umbc.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Baltimore0)

title:	University of Maryland, College Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socy.umd.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(CollegePark)

title:	University of Maryland, Eastern Shore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umes.edu%2Fsocial%2F
desc:	SocialSciences(PrincessAnne)

title:	University of Massachusetts Amherst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umass.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Amherst)

title:	Centenary College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centenary.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Shreveport)

title:	Louisiana State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lsu.edu%2Fhss%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(BatonRouge)

title:	Loyola University New Orleans: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcss.loyno.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Includesinformationonthedepartment,programsofstudy,thefacultyandstaff.(NewOrleans)

title:	Northwestern State University of  Louisiana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsocialsciences.nsula.edu%2F
desc:	SocialSciences(Natchitoches)

title:	Southeastern Louisiana University: Sociology and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southeastern.edu%2Facad_research%2Fdepts%2Fsoc_cj%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,facultyandcourses.(Hammond)

title:	Tulane University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftulane.edu%2Fliberal-arts%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewOrleans)

title:	University of Louisiana at Monroe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ulm.edu%2Fpols%2F
desc:	Sociology(Monroe)

title:	University of Louisiana, Lafayette 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoci-anth.louisiana.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Lafayette)

title:	University of New Orleans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uno.edu%2Fcola%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewOrleans)

title:	Xavier University of Louisiana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xula.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewOrleans)

title:	Anderson University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anderson.edu%2Fhumanities-behavioral-science%2Fprograms%2Fsociology
desc:	Includesnews,programdetails,facultylistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinAnderson.

title:	Ball State University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcms.bsu.edu%2Facademics%2Fcollegesanddepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresnews,academicprograms,resources,alumniinformationandcontactdetails.LocatedinMuncie.

title:	Butler University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.butler.edu%2Fsociology-criminology
desc:	Sociology(Indianapolis)

title:	DePauw University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.depauw.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-programs%2Fsociology-and-anthropology%2F
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(Greencastle)

title:	Earlham College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fearlham.edu%2Fsociology-anthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Richmond)

title:	Franklin College: Sociology Majors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.franklincollege.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors%2Fsociology
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefacultyandtheavailabletracks;sociology,criminologyandsocialwork.(Franklin)

title:	Goshen College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.goshen.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Goshen)

title:	Hanover College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hanover.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonsociology,thecourses,placementsandfaculty.(Hanover)

title:	Huntington University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huntington.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Huntington)

title:	Indiana State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indstate.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationontheundergraduateandgraduateprogramsandthefaculty.(TerreHaute)

title:	Indiana University Bloomington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indiana.edu%2F%7Esoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Bloomington)

title:	Indiana University Northwest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iun.edu%2Fsociology-anthropology
desc:	Sociology(Gary)

title:	Indiana University South Bend 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.iusb.edu%2Fsociology-anth%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(SouthBend)

title:	Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fliberalarts.iupui.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms.(Indianapolis)

title:	Indiana University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipfw.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramandadministrativedetails,newsandeventsandcontactinformation.LocatedinFortWayne.

title:	Manchester College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.manchester.edu%2FAcademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology_SocialWork%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(NorthManchester).

title:	Purdue University: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cla.purdue.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,directory,publications,resources,newsandcontactdetails.LocatedinWestLafayette,Indiana.

title:	St. Mary's College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.saintmarys.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(NotreDame)

title:	University of Evansville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.evansville.edu%2Fmajors%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Law,PoliticsandSociety(Evansville)

title:	University of Indianapolis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuindy.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology-criminal-justice
desc:	SocialSciences(Indianapolis)

title:	University of Notre Dame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.nd.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(NotreDame)

title:	University of Southern Indiana 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.usi.edu%2Fliberal-arts%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Evansville)

title:	University of St. Francis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sf.edu%2Fsf%2Fsocial-work
desc:	SocialWork(FortWayne)

title:	Briar-Cliff University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.briarcliff.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology-and-criminal-justice%2F
desc:	Sociology(SiouxCity)

title:	Central College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.central.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentinformation,thefaculty,successfulcareers,internships,coursesandfacilities.(Pella)

title:	Cornell College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cornellcollege.edu%2Fsociology-and-anthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(MountVernon)

title:	Grinnell College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grinnell.edu%2Facademics%2Fareas%2Fsociology
desc:	(Grinnell)

title:	Iowa State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.iastate.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Ames)

title:	Loras College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loras.edu%2Fmajors-programs%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Dubuque)

title:	Mount Mercy College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtmercy.edu%2Findex.php%3Fid%3D255
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,classrequirements,courseofferings,jobpossibilitiesandthefaculty.(CedarRapids)

title:	Northwestern College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nwciowa.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(OrangeCity)

title:	St. Ambrose University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sau.edu%2FAcademic_Programs%2FSociology.html
desc:	Sociology(Davenport)

title:	University of Iowa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=https%3A%2F%2Fclas.uiowa.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(IowaCity)

title:	University of Northern Iowa: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uni.edu%2Fcsbs%2Fsac%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationontheundergraduateandgraduateprogramsandthefaculty.(CedarFalls)

title:	University of Hawai'i at Manoa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FHawaii&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.hawaii.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Honolulu)

title:	Bradley University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bradley.edu%2Flas%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Peoria)

title:	DePaul University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Flas.depaul.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Chicago)

title:	Eastern Illinois University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.eiu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Charleston)

title:	Illinois College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ic.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Jacksonville)

title:	Illinois State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoa.illinoisstate.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Normal)

title:	Illinois Wesleyan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Bloomington)

title:	Knox College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.knox.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors-and-minors%2Fanthropology-and-sociology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Galesburg)

title:	Lake Forest College: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lakeforest.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Offersfacultylisting,coursedescription,programdetails,resourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinLakeForest,Illinois.

title:	Loyola University Chicago: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luc.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,faculty,researchandcourses.(Chicago)

title:	McKendree College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mckendree.edu%2Facademics%2Finfo%2Fcollege%2Farts-sciences%2Fsocial-science%2Fsociology.php
desc:	Sociology(Lebanon)

title:	Millikin University: Behavioral Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.millikin.edu%2Facademics%2Fcas%2Fbs%2F
desc:	OffersamajororminorinHumanServices,PsychologyorSociology.(Decatur)

title:	Monmouth College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdepartment.monm.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Monmouth)

title:	North Central College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northcentralcollege.edu%2Facademics%2Fdept-div-progs%2Fsociology-anthropology%2Fsociology-and-anthropology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Naperville)

title:	North Park University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.suu.edu%2Fhss%2Fhsa%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,coursesandcurriculum.(Chicago)

title:	Northeastern Illinois University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fneiu.edu%2Facademics%2Fcollege-of-arts-and-sciences%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2Fprograms%2Fsociology-ba
desc:	Sociology(Chicago)

title:	Northern Illinois University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.niu.edu%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,facultyandcourses.(DeKalb)

title:	Northwestern University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.northwestern.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Evanston)

title:	Principia College: Department of Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.principiacollege.edu%2Fsociology-anthropology
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,coursesandcontactinformation.LocatedinElsah,Illinois.

title:	Roosevelt University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.roosevelt.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fbachelors-in-sociology-ba
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Chicago)

title:	Southern Illinois University at Carbondale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcola.siu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Carbondale)

title:	Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siue.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(Edwardsville)

title:	Trinity Christian College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trnty.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology%2Fsociology.html
desc:	Sociology(PalosHeights)

title:	University of Chicago 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.uchicago.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Chicago)

title:	University of Illinois at Chicago 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcatalog.uic.edu%2Fucat%2Fcolleges-depts%2Fliberal-arts-sciences%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Chicago)

title:	University of Illinois at Springfield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uis.edu%2Fsociologyanthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Springfield)

title:	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.illinois.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Urbana)

title:	Western Illinois University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wiu.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Macomb)

title:	Wheaton College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wheaton.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsocio
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Wheaton)

title:	University of Delaware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FDelaware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.udel.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminalJustice(Newark)

title:	Central Connecticut State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.ccsu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewBritain)

title:	Connecticut College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.conncoll.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors-departments-programs%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewLondon)

title:	Eastern Connecticut State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww1.easternct.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAppliedSocialRelations(Willimantic)

title:	Fairfield University: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.fairfield.edu%2Fundergraduate%2Facademics%2Fschools-and-colleges%2Fcollege-of-arts-and-sciences%2Fprograms%2Fsociology-and-anthropology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,internships,majors,minorsandcourses.(Fairfield)

title:	Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wesleyan.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Descriptionofmajor,courseofferings,profileoffacultyandinformationonthePsychology/Sociologymajor.(Middletown)

title:	Southern Connecticut State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southernct.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Farts%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(NewHaven)

title:	Trinity College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trincoll.edu%2FAcademics%2Fmajorsandminors%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Hartford)

title:	University of Connecticut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.uconn.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Storrs)

title:	University of Hartford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hartford.edu%2FA_and_S%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2Fdefault.aspx
desc:	Sociology(Hartford)

title:	Yale University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.yale.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(NewHaven)

title:	Boise State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsociology.boisestate.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Boise)

title:	Brigham Young University Idaho 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.byui.edu%2Fsociology-social-work%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Rexburg)

title:	Drake University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drake.edu%2Fscs%2Fmajorsminors%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	DepartmentfortheStudyofCultureandSociety(DesMoines)

title:	Idaho State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isu.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociolog%2F
desc:	Sociology,SocialWorkandCriminalJustice(Pocatello)

title:	University of Idaho 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.uidaho.edu%2Fclass%2Fsoc-anthro
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandJusticeStudies(Moscow).

title:	Arkansas State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.astate.edu%2Fcollege%2Fliberal-arts%2Fdepartments%2Fcriminology-sociology-geography%2F
desc:	Criminology,Sociology,andGeography.(Jonesboro)

title:	Arkansas Tech University: Department of Behavioral Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atu.edu%2Facademics%2Fcatalog%2Fcolleges%2Farts_humanities%2Fdept_behavioral_sci.html
desc:	Includesthedisciplinesofpsychology,sociology,anthropology,criminaljustice,andrehabilitationscience.Offersinformationforcurrentandprospectivestudents.Featuresfacultyprofilesandcontactdetails.LocatedinRussellville.

title:	Henderson State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hsu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandHumanServices(Arkadelphia)

title:	Hendrix College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hendrix.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Conway)

title:	Ouachita Baptist University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.obu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Arkadelphia)

title:	Southern Arkansas University - Magnolia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpeace.saumag.edu%2F
desc:	BehavioralandSocialSciences(Magnolia)

title:	University of Arkansas, Fayetteville: Department of Sociology and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.uark.edu%2F
desc:	Featuresdegreeprogramdetails,courses,facultylisting,newsandcontactinformation.LocatedinFayetteville.

title:	University of Arkansas, Little Rock 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fualr.edu%2Fanthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(LittleRock)

title:	University of Central Arkansas: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uca.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theprogram,classschedules,careers,news,facultyandstaff.(Conway)

title:	Augusta University: Department of Sociology, Social Work and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.augusta.edu%2Fpamplin%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdescriptions,facultylisting,clubsandresourcesforstudents,resources,news,linksandcontactinformation.LocatedinAugusta.

title:	Berry College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berry.edu%2Facademics%2Fhumanities%2Fsoc-anthro%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(MountBerry)

title:	Clayton College & State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fa-s.clayton.edu%2Fsocsci%2F
desc:	SocialSciences(Morrow)

title:	Emory University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.emory.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Atlanta)

title:	Georgia College & State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gcsu.edu%2Fgov%2F
desc:	GovernmentandSociology(Milledgeville)

title:	Georgia Southern University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclass.georgiasouthern.edu%2Fsocianth%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Statesboro)

title:	Georgia State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gsu.edu%2F%7Ewwwsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Atlanta)

title:	Kennesaw State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscj.hss.kennesaw.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology,GeologyandAnthropology(Kennesaw)

title:	Mercer University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcla.mercer.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Departmentalinformation,coursecatalog,booknotesandfaculty.(Macon)

title:	Savannah State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.savannahstate.edu%2Fclass%2Fprograms-sociology.shtml
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,degreeprogramsandcoursedescriptions.(Savannah)

title:	State University of West Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westga.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Carrollton)

title:	University of Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.uga.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Athens)

title:	Valdosta State University: Sociology, Anthropology and Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.valdosta.edu%2Fcolleges%2Farts-sciences%2Fsacj%2F
desc:	Featuresprogramdetails,facultylisting,news,studentresourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinValdosta.

title:	Adams State College: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adams.edu%2Facademics%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Featuresdegreeinformationandplan,facultylisting,courses,eventsandcontactinformation.LocatedinAlamosa.

title:	Colorado College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.coloradocollege.edu%2Facademics%2Fdept%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(ColoradoSprings)

title:	Colorado State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.colostate.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(FortCollins)

title:	Coloroda State University - Pueblo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchass.csupueblo.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Pueblo)

title:	Fort Lewis College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.fortlewis.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Durango)

title:	Metropolitan State University of Denver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmsudenver.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology,AnthropologyandBehavioralScience

title:	Regis University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.regis.edu%2FRC%2FAcademics%2FDepartments-and-Faculty%2FSociology.aspx
desc:	Sociology(Denver)

title:	University of Colorado at Boulder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.colorado.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Boulder)

title:	University of Colorado at Colorado Springs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uccs.edu%2F%7Esoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(ColoradoSprings)

title:	University of Colorado at Denver: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucdenver.edu%2Facademics%2Fcolleges%2FCLAS%2FDepartments%2Fsociology%2FPages%2FSociology.aspx
desc:	Featuresprograms,resources,courses,facultyandstafflistingandcontactdetails.LocatedinDenver,CO.

title:	University of Denver 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.du.edu%2Fahss%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Denver)

title:	University of Northern Colorado 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unco.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Greeley)

title:	Western State College: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.western.edu%2Facademics%2Fsociology
desc:	Departmentalinformation,thefaculty,majorsandminors,coursesandtheSociologyClub.(Gunnison)

title:	California State Polytechnic University Pomona 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpp.edu%2F%7Eclass%2Fpsychology-sociology%2Fsociology%2Findex.shtml
desc:	Sociologymajor

title:	California State University Bakersfield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csub.edu%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Bakersfield)

title:	California State University Chico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csuchico.edu%2Fsoci%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(Chico)

title:	California State University Dominguez Hills 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww4.csudh.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(DominguezHills)

title:	California State University East Bay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csueastbay.edu%2Fclass%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2Findex.html
desc:	SociologyandSocialServices(Hayward)

title:	California State University Fresno 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fresnostate.edu%2Fsocialsciences%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Fresno)

title:	California State University Fullerton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhss.fullerton.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Fullerton)

title:	California State University Long Beach 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csulb.edu%2Fdepts%2Fsociology%2Fsoc_main.htm
desc:	Sociology(LongBeach)

title:	California State University Los Angeles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calstatela.edu%2Facademic%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(LosAngeles)

title:	California State University Northridge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csun.edu%2Fsocial-behavioral-sciences%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Northridge)

title:	California State University Sacramento 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csus.edu%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Sacramento)

title:	California State University San Francisco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.sfsu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(SanFrancisco)

title:	California State University San Jose 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjsu.edu%2Fsiss%2F
desc:	SociologyandInterdisciplinarySocialSciences(SanJose)

title:	California State University Sonoma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sonoma.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Sonoma)

title:	California State University Stanislaus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csustan.edu%2FSociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Stanislaus)

title:	California State University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csusm.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthemissionandcurricularphilosophy,theundergraduateandgraduateprogramsandthefaculty.(SanMarcos)

title:	Chapman University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chapman.edu%2Fwilkinson%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Missionstatement,anthropologyminor,women'sstudiesminor,newsandevents.(Orange)

title:	Humboldt State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humboldt.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Humboldt)

title:	Loyola Marymount University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbellarmine.lmu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonthedepartment,programsofstudyandthefaculty.(LosAngeles)

title:	Mills College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mills.edu%2Facademics%2Fundergraduate%2Fsoc%2F
desc:	Sociology(Oakland)

title:	Mount Saint Mary's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.msmu.edu%2Fundergraduate-bachelor-programs%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(LosAngeles)

title:	Occidental College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oxy.edu%2Fsociology
desc:	Offersanundergraduatedegreeprogram.Featuresfacultyoverviewsandcomprehensiveprograminformation.(LosAngeles)

title:	Palomar College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.palomar.edu%2Fbehavioralscience%2Fdefault.htm
desc:	BehavioralScience(SanMarcos)

title:	Pepperdine University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fseaver.pepperdine.edu%2Fsocialscience%2F
desc:	SocialScience(Malibu)

title:	Pierce College: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.piercecollege.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fhistory_philosophy_sociology%2Fsociology.asp
desc:	Offersprogramandscholarshipdetails,facultylisting,resourcesandcontactinformation.LocatedinLosAngeles.

title:	Pitzer College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpitweb.pitzer.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Claremont)

title:	Point Loma Nazarene University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pointloma.edu%2Fexperience%2Facademics%2Fschools-departments%2Fdepartment-sociology-social-work
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork(SanDiego)

title:	Pomona College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pomona.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Claremont)

title:	San Diego State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.sdsu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology

title:	Santa Clara University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.scu.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	AnthropologyandSociology(SantaClara)

title:	Stanford University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsociology.stanford.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Stanford)

title:	University of California at Berkeley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Berkeley)

title:	University of California at Davis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.ucdavis.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Davis)

title:	University of California at Irvine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.uci.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Irvine)

title:	University of California at Los Ansgeles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.ucla.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(LosAngeles)

title:	University of California at Riverside 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.ucr.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Riverside)

title:	University of California at San Diego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sociology.ucsd.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(SanDiego)

title:	University of California at San Francisco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnursing.ucsf.edu%2Fsbs
desc:	SocialandBehavioralSciences(SanFrancisco)

title:	University of California at Santa Barbara 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soc.ucsb.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(SantaBarbara)

title:	University of California at Santa Cruz: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.ucsc.edu%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,theundergraduateandgraduateprograms,faculty,researchandcourses.

title:	University of Redlands 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.redlands.edu%2Fstudy%2Fschools-and-centers%2Fcollege-of-arts-and-sciences%2Fundergraduate-studies%2Fsociology-and-anthropology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Redlands)

title:	University of San Diego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandiego.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(SanDiego)

title:	University of San Francisco 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.usfca.edu%2Fcatalog%2Fundergraduate%2Farts-sciences%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(SanFrancisco)

title:	University of Southern California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdornsife.usc.edu%2Fsoci%2F
desc:	Sociology(LosAngeles)

title:	University of the Pacific: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pacific.edu%2FAcademics%2FSchools-and-Colleges%2FCollege-of-the-Pacific%2FAcademics%2FDepartments-and-Programs%2FSociology.html
desc:	Presentsprogram,courses,studentactivities,facultylistingandcontactinformation.LocatedinStockton.

title:	Arizona State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=https%3A%2F%2Fthesanfordschool.asu.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Tempe)

title:	Mesa Community College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mesacc.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fcultural-science%2Fsociology
desc:	Sociology(Mesa)

title:	Northern Arizona University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnau.edu%2Fsbs%2Fssw%2F
desc:	SociologyandSocialWork.(Flagstaff)

title:	University of Arizona 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.arizona.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Tucson)

title:	Auburn University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cla.auburn.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Auburn)

title:	Auburn University at Montgomery: Department of Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcppj.aum.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fsociology
desc:	Offersoverview,programdetailsandcontactinformation.LocatedinMontgomery.

title:	Jacksonville State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jsu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Jacksonville)

title:	Samford University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.samford.edu%2Farts-and-sciences%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Birmingham)

title:	University of Alabama 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uab.edu%2Fcas%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Birmingham)

title:	University of North Alabama: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FAlabama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.una.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thefaculty,coursesandrequirements.(Florence)

title:	Florida Atlantic University: Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fau.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Providesinformationontheundergraduateandgraduateprograms,classschedule,thefacultyandstaff.(BocaRaton)

title:	Florida International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgss.fiu.edu%2Fundergraduate-programs%2Fba-in-anthropologysociology%2F
desc:	SociologyandAnthropology(Miami)

title:	Florida State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcoss.fsu.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Tallahassee)

title:	Gulf Coast State College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gulfcoast.edu%2Fsocsci%2Fdegree_programs%2Fsociology%2Fdefault.htm
desc:	SocialSciences(PanamaCity)

title:	Saint Leo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saintleo.edu%2Facademics%2Fundergraduate%2Fmajors-minors%2Fba-sociology.aspx
desc:	Sociology(SaintLeo)

title:	Stetson University: Sociology and Anthropology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stetson.edu%2Fother%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fsociology-anthropology-and-public-health.php
desc:	Providesdepartmentalinformation,facultybios,majorandminorprograms.(DeLand)

title:	University of Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsoccrim.clas.ufl.edu%2F
desc:	SociologyandCriminology&Law(Gainesville)

title:	University of Miami 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.as.miami.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(CoralGables)

title:	University of North Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unf.edu%2Fcoas%2Fsasw%2F
desc:	Sociology,Anthropology,andSocialWork(Jacksonville)

title:	University of South Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsociology.usf.edu%2F
desc:	Sociology(Tampa)

title:	University of Alaska, Anchorage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FAlaska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uaa.alaska.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Anchorage)

title:	University of Alaska, Fairbanks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FSociology%2FAcademic_Departments%2FUnited_States%2FAlaska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uaf.edu%2Fsociology%2F
desc:	Sociology(Fairbanks)

title:	Can Tho University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FVietnam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctu.edu.vn%2F
desc:	Detailsoffaculties,research,internationalcooperationandworkshops.[Vietnamese,English]

title:	Duy Tan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FVietnam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dtu.edu.vn%2F
desc:	LocatedinDanang.Outlinestheuniversity'sbackgroundandprovidesanoverviewoffaculties.[Vietnamese,English;RequiresJavascript]

title:	Hanoi University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FVietnam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hust.edu.vn%2F
desc:	Givesintroduction,organization,faculties,institutes,andresearch,andtrainingprograms.[Vietnamese,English]

title:	Ho Chi Minh City University of Foreign Languages and Information Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FVietnam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.huflit.edu.vn%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesinfourforeignlanguagesandcultures,aswellascomputerscience.Withintroduction,degrees,centers,andinternationalrelations.[Vietnamese,English]

title:	Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FVietnam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hutech.edu.vn%2F
desc:	Informationonorganization,admissionsandacademicrelatedissuesalongwithnewsandphotos.[Vietnamese,English]

title:	Hue University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FVietnam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhueuni.edu.vn%2F
desc:	Introducestheuniversityandgivesanoverviewofthecolleges.[Vietnamese,English]

title:	Nong Lam University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FVietnam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hcmuaf.edu.vn%2F
desc:	LocatedThisuniversityisgearedtowardsagricultureandforestry.Informationonfacilitiesandprogramsofferedplusdetailsofregionalworkshops.[Vietnamese,English]

title:	Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FVietnam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmit.edu.vn%2F
desc:	LocatedinHoChiMinhCity.Withdetailsofservices,programs,andactivities.

title:	Adnan Menderes University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FTurkey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adu.edu.tr%2Fen%2F
desc:	LinkstoInstitutes,Faculties,ConservatoireandSchools.LocatedinAydin

title:	Anadolu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FTurkey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anadolu.edu.tr%2Fen%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheacademics,openeducation,studentaffairsandresearchcenter.LocatedinEskisehir

title:	Baskent University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FTurkey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baskent.edu.tr%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheacademis,administration,campus,libraryandotherunits.LocatedinAnkara.

title:	Cankaya University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FTurkey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cankaya.edu.tr%2Findex_en.php
desc:	Informationabouttheacademicsunitsandacademiccalendar,studentaffairs,libraryandcampuslife.LocatedinAnkara.

title:	Cukurova University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FTurkey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cu.edu.tr%2F
desc:	Academicunits,studentaffairs,andcampuslife.LocatedinAdana.

title:	Cumhuriyet University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FTurkey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cumhuriyet.edu.tr%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheadministrative,academic,studentaffairs,facilitiesandSivascity.LocatedinSivas.

title:	Cyprus International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FTurkey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ciu.edu.tr%2F
desc:	Linkstoacademics,admissions,administrative,campuslifeandservices.LocatedinCyprus.

title:	Kelajak Ilmi Business School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FUzbekistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fibs.uz%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheSchoollocatedinTashkentandofferingBachelorofBusinessAdministrationdegree.

title:	Kaohsiung Medical University   Center for International Academic Exchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FTaiwan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fciae.kmu.edu.tw%2F
desc:	Promotesinternationalexchangesandcooperation.Withnews,services,links,anddownloads.

title:	The Joint Graduate School of Energy and Environment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FThailand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jgsee.kmutt.ac.th%2F
desc:	Aconsortiumoffiveacademicinstitutions,withinformationonstaff,studies,organization,andresearch.

title:	Thailand Graduate Institute of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FThailand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nstda.or.th%2Ftgist%2F
desc:	TGIST,anacademicinstituteofNationalScienceandTechnologyDevelopmentAgencytodevelopmanforceinscienceandtechnologyandbridgetheindustrywithacademics.

title:	Asia Pacific Institute of Information Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apiit.lk%2F
desc:	PrivateInstitute.Providedetailsofbusiness,law,graduate&computingfaculties,alumni,studentlife,universitypartners&contacts.

title:	Design School Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aod.lk%2F
desc:	ProvideseducationinthefieldsofFashion,InteriorandGraphicDesign.AlsoprovideHNDcourses,administrationandcontacts

title:	Jaffna Hindu College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaffnahindu.org%2F
desc:	GovernmentFundedSecondaryCollege.Providedetailsofsecondaryeducationintamilmedium,staff,libraryandcontacts

title:	National Institute of Business Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nibm.lk%2F
desc:	AstatutorybodyundertheMinistryofVocational&TechnicalTrainingwhichofferlocalaswellasforeigndegrees,diplomasandCertificates,providelibrary,lecturepanel,contacts,managementteam,staff,alumni,careers

title:	Open University of Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ou.ac.lk%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfaculties,education,engineeringtechnology,humanitiesandsocialsciences,naturalsciences,divisions,educationalandinformationtechnologyandservices.

title:	Thames College of Further and Higher Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thamescollege.lk%2F
desc:	Privatecollegewhichprovidedetailsaboutguidetocertificate,diplomaandgraduatecourses,management,services,facilitiesandcontacts

title:	University of Colombo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmb.ac.lk%2F
desc:	Listsuniversityoverview,academics,studentaffairs,library,alumnipages,andcontacts.

title:	University of Kelaniya. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kln.ac.lk%2F
desc:	Listsintroduction,administration,affiliatedinstitutes,andcoursesincommerce,humanities,medicine,science,andsocialsciences.

title:	University of Moratuwa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mrt.ac.lk%2F
desc:	Includesinformationontheuniversity,facultiesofengineering,architecture,andinformationtechnology,aswellasfacilities,societies,andclubs.

title:	University of Peradeniya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pdn.ac.lk%2F
desc:	Withoverview,facultiesandcenters,academicprograms,libraries,campuslife,news,andevents;plusinformationforstaff,alumni,visitors,prospectivestudents,andjobseekers.

title:	University of Sri Jayewardenepura, Nugegoda, Sri Lanka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSri_Lanka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjp.ac.lk%2F
desc:	Listsuniversityoverview,academics,studentaffairs,library,alumnipages,contactsandconductcoursesinArts,AppliedScience,ManagementStudies,MedicalSciencesandGraduateStudies.

title:	Mongolian University of Science and Technology (MUST) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMongolia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.must.edu.mn%2F
desc:	EmergedfromMongolianTechnicalUniversityin2001.Undergraduateandgraduateteachingandresearchinbasicandappliedsciences.LocatedinUlaanbaatar.

title:	Kathmandu College of Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FNepal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkcm.edu.np%2F
desc:	Providesmanagementandinformationtechnologystudies.Withguidetoadmissions,studentbody,resources,andnews.

title:	Kathmandu University School of Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FNepal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kusom.edu.np%2F
desc:	Featuresinformationabouttheinstitution,faculty,syllabus,resumesandphotographsofstudents,andjobopportunities.

title:	Singapore Management University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSingapore&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smu.edu.sg%2F
desc:	Singapore'snewestuniversity.LocatedintheheartofSingapore'shistoricareaintheBrasBasahParkdistrict.

title:	Singapore Polytechnic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSingapore&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sp.edu.sg%2F
desc:	Offersfull-timediplomaprogrammesandawiderangeofcontinuingeducation.Includescourses,admissions,events,campusmapandnews.

title:	Adventist International Institute of Advanced Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aiias.edu%2F
desc:	ASeventh-DayAdventisteducationalinstitutionofferinggraduatedegreesinbusinessadministration,education,publichealth,andtheology.Academics,admissions,andstudentservices.

title:	Central Philippine University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpu.edu.ph%2F
desc:	AChristianinstitutionofhigherlearningcommittedtoExemplaryChristianEducationforLifeandresponsivetotheneedsofthetotalpersonandtheworld.

title:	De La Salle Lipa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dlsl.edu.ph%2F
desc:	LipaCity,Batangas,Philippines.Admissions,academics,newsanddirectory.

title:	Misamis University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mu.edu.ph%2F
desc:	OzamizCity.Alumni,research,admissionrequirements,libraryresources,andacademicprogramsinhealthsciencesandmaritimeeducation.

title:	Our Lady of Fatima College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fatima.edu.ph%2F
desc:	History,campus,contactinformation,admissioninformation,andcollegesandcourses.

title:	Philippine School of Interior Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psid.edu.ph%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonadmissionsandacademiccoursesoffered,pluspostersofexhibitsbypreviousbatches.

title:	Polytechnic University of the Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pup.edu.ph%2F
desc:	Offersnewsandinformationonadmissions,academicprogramsandlocationsandcontactinformationforitsdifferentcampusesandbranches.

title:	Technological Institute of the Philippines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tip.edu.ph%2F
desc:	Containsoverview,academicprograms,admissions,scholarships,services,partnerships,andaffiliates.

title:	University of Nueva Caceres 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unc.edu.ph%2F
desc:	Bicol.

title:	Western Mindanao State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPhilippines&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wmsu.edu.ph%2F
desc:	MaincampusinZamboangaCity,withotherunitsintheprovincesofZamboangadelSur,ZamboangadelNorteandZamboangaSibugay.Announcements,academicprograms,andadmissionsinformation.

title:	Songwon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FSouth_Korea&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.songwon.ac.kr%2F
desc:	Informationoncampuslife,academics.[Korean,English]

title:	Kyrgyz-Turkish Manas University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmanas.edu.kg%2F
desc:	AninternationaluniversityfoundedjointlybyTurkeyandKyrgyzstanin1995.LocatedinBishkek,Kyrgyzstan.Anonprofitinstitutionofhighereducationwithfullautonomyguaranteedbybilateraltreaty.LanguagesofinstructionareTurkishandKyrgyz.

title:	University of Central Asia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FKyrgyzstan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucentralasia.org%2F
desc:	PromotessocialandeconomicdevelopmentamongthemountainpeoplesofCentralAsia.WiththreecampusesinKhorog,Tajikistan,Naryn,KyrgyzRepublicandTekeli,Kazakhstan.

title:	Kimep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FKazakhstan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kimep.kz%2F
desc:	Kazakhstandegree-grantinginstituteofmanagement,economics,andstrategicresearch.

title:	Allama Iqbal Open University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aiou.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Distantlearningprogramswithbachelor,mastersandPhDleveldegreecourses.

title:	Bahauddin Zakariya University, Multan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bzu.edu.pk%2F
desc:	LocatedinsouthernPunjab,offeringgraduateandpostgraduatedegreesinscience,engineering,architecture,humanities,arts,theology,medicine,agriculture,economics,business,commerce,lawandpharmacy.

title:	Bahria University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bahria.edu.pk%2F
desc:	LocatedinIslamabadandKarachi,offeringbachelorsandmastersdegreesinmanagement,socialandcomputersciences.

title:	Cadet College Hasan Abdal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcch.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Militarytrainingschool.offersHSSC,SSCandO-Levelsstudies.

title:	COMSATS Institute of Information Technology Islamabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comsats.edu.pk%2F
desc:	IslamabadcampusoffersshortcoursesinITanddegreecoursesforengineering,managementandcomputersciences.

title:	Forman Christian College Lahore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fccollege.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Acollegeanduniversityofferingintermediateeducation,bachelorandmastersleveldegreeprograms.

title:	Government College University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gcu.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduate,postgraduateandresearch(M.Phil./Ph.D.)programindifferentacademicdisciplines.

title:	Gujranwala Institute of Future Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gift.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Withcampusinformation,academics,administration,tuitionfees,FAQ,news,andevents.

title:	Hajvery University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hup.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offeringdegreeprogramsinarts,medicalsciences,businessadministration,engineeringandInformationTechnology.

title:	Hamdard University Karachi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamdard.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Includesinformationontheuniversity,departmentsandprograms,computingfacilities,library,faculty,andvirtualtour.

title:	International Islamic University, Islamabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiu.edu.pk%2F
desc:	IIUIisprovidingeducationincomputerscience,businessadministration,shariahandlaw,economics,English,Usul-ud-Din,andsocialsciencestothestudentsfrommorethan60countries.

title:	Jinnah University for Women 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.juw.edu.pk%2F
desc:	LocatedinKarachi,offersdegreecoursesinartsandgeneralsciences.

title:	Military College Jhelum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.militarycollege.edu.pk%2F
desc:	MCJistheoldestmilitaryinstituteestablishedin1922.

title:	National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nu.edu.pk%2F
desc:	OffersBSandMSincomputersciences,telecomandbusinessadministration.

title:	National University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nust.edu.pk%2F
desc:	OffersBachelors,MastersandPh.DinEngineering,MedicalSciences,ManagementSciences,informationTechnology,

title:	Northern University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northern.edu.pk%2F
desc:	LocatedinNowshera,offersdegreeprogramsinarts,sciences,managementandIT.

title:	PAF - Karachi Institute of Economics and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pafkiet.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offersbachelorsandmastersleveldegreecoursesinengineering,IT,managementandsocialsciences.

title:	Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qau.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Agraduateandpost-graduateuniversitywithintroduction,departments,centers,institutes,clubs,events,andservices.

title:	Riphah International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.riphah.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Specializedinmedicalsciences,alsooffersdegreecoursesinIslamicfinanceandengineering.

title:	Shaheed Zulfikar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.szabist.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Non-profit,publiclyandprivatelyfunded,independentlycharteredgraduateschoolofscienceandtechnology,offeringdegreesincomputerscience.

title:	University of Arid Agriculture Rawalpindi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uaar.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Withuniversityoverview,organization,faculties,programs,admissions,facilities,andstudentlife.

title:	University of Central Punjab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucp.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offersdegreecoursesinengineering,law,IT,artsandsocialsciences.

title:	University of Karachi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uok.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offersdegreecoursesinmanagementsciences,arts,medicalsciencesandlegalstudies.

title:	University of Management and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umt.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offersdegreecoursesinmanagement,IT,artsandsocialsciences.

title:	University of Peshawar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upesh.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offersdegreesinarts,science,Islamicstudies,orientallanguagesandlaw.

title:	The University of Punjab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pu.edu.pk%2F
desc:	OfferdegreesinScience,Arts,Commerce,Law,Education,EngineeringandTechnology,PharmacyandOrientalLearning.

title:	University of South Asia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usa.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offersdegreecoursesinengineering,managementandsocialsciences.

title:	Virtual University of Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vu.edu.pk%2F
desc:	RecognizedbyHECPakistan,distantandonlinelearninginstituteofferingdegreecoursesininformationtechnologyandmanagementsciences.

title:	Academy of Medicine of Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radiologymalaysia.org%2F
desc:	Givesintroduction,programs,calendarandlistingofcolleges.

title:	Al-Madinah International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mediu.edu.my%2F
desc:	Officialsiteprovidingacademic,facilities,newsandannouncement.HQcampusisinSelangorShahAlam.

title:	Asia Pacific Institute of Information Technology (APIIT) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apiit.edu.my%2F
desc:	OffersITprofessionalhighereducationtraining,withguidetocourses,academnics,andservices.

title:	Al-Zahra University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alzahra.ac.ir%2F
desc:	ThefirstIranianuniversityexclusivelyestablishedforfemalestudents.Providesinformationaboutthepublicationsandresearchprojectsaswell.

title:	Asia Pacific University of Technology & Innovation (APU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apu.edu.my%2F
desc:	OffersUndergraduate&PostgraduateDegreesinIT,Business,ComputerGamesDesign,Media,Engineering&AccountingandFinance.

title:	Asian Strategy Leadership Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asli.com.my%2F
desc:	Anon-profitinstitution.Providesconferences,news,articlespromotingleadership,andstrategicthinking.

title:	Berjaya University College of Hospitality 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berjaya.edu.my%2F
desc:	Privateuniversitycollegespecializinginculinaryarts,hospitalityandtourismhighereducation.

title:	CfBT Multimedia Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cfbt.com.my%2F
desc:	Multimedia-ledlanguagelearningcentrewithEnglishlanguage-learningsoftwarecombinedandmodernteachingmethods.

title:	Amirkabir University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aut.ac.ir%2F
desc:	LocatedinTehran,theuniversityconsistsof14engineeringdepartments,7researchcentersand3campuses.

title:	Civil Aviation Technology College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.catc.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthecoursesandservices.

title:	Ferdowsi University of Mashhad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.um.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthecolleges,faculties,admission,publications,andvirtuallearningservice.

title:	Gorgan University of Agricultural Sciences & Natural Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gau.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthecollegesandprofessorsandnews.

title:	Han Chiang College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hcu.edu.my%2F
desc:	Privatenon-profithigher-learninginstitutioninPenang.

title:	INSANIAH University College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kuin.edu.my%2F
desc:	ThefirstIslamicUniversityinnorthernMalaysia,offeringquality,innovativeandholisticacademicprogrammesasdirectresponsetotheneedsofmodernMuslims.

title:	Institute CECE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cece.edu.my%2F
desc:	Privatenon-profithigher-learninginstitutionspecializedinEarlyChildhoodEducationatKualaLumpur.

title:	International College of Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Ficom.edu.my%2F
desc:	OffersaBachelorofMusic(Hons)inprofessionalmusicintheareasofcomposition/arranging,plusmusicproductionandtechnology.Withacademicguide,faculty,facilities,andservices.

title:	International Islamic University Malaysia ( IIUM ) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iium.edu.my%2F
desc:	LeadingInternationalIslamicUniversity.Offersavarietyofacademicprogrammes,withonlineprospectusandfeestructure.

title:	International Medical University(IMU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imu.edu.my%2F
desc:	PrivatemedicaluniversityinMalaysia.Itoffersmedicalandpharmacydegreeprogrammeswithmanyoverseasuniversities.

title:	Imam Sadiq University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isu.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Asanon-governmentalIslamicuniversity,itisfoundedforteachinganddevelopinghumanknowledgeaccordingtothecreationobjectives,divinelearningandIslamicsciences.

title:	Institute for Studies in Theoretical Physics and Mathematics (IPM) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipm.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheactivities,publications,andschools.

title:	Iran University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iust.ac.ir%2F
desc:	LocatedinTehran,itconsistsof14departments,andhastwobranchesinArakandBehshahr.Websiteoffersinformationaboutadmission,news,andconferences.

title:	Islamic Azad University - Sabzevar Branch 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iaus.ac.ir%2F
desc:	TheIAUSwasfoundedin1985inSabzevar,whichisthesecondlargestcityintheKhorasanprovinceinthenortheastofIran.Itoffersgraduateandpost-graduatedegrees.

title:	Khajeh Nasir Toosi University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kntu.ac.ir%2F
desc:	LocatedinTehran,KhajehNasirToosiUniversitywasfoundedin1928.Itconsistsof6facultiesonengineeringandscience.Websitealsooffersinformationaboutadmissionsandevents.

title:	Kish University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kish.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheuniversity,courses,andadmission.

title:	Mofid University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mofidu.ac.ir%2F
desc:	LocatedinQom,itconsistsoffourdepartmentsofeconomics,law,philosophy,andpoliticalsciences.Websiteoffersinformationaboutadmission,researchprojects,conferences,andevents.

title:	Persian Gulf University of Boushehr 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pgu.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthefacultiesandfutureexpansionsoftheuniversity.

title:	Inti International University & Colleges 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnewinti.edu.my%2Fmain%2F
desc:	OffersdegreeswithlinkstoUniversitiesintheUK,NewZealandandAustralia.Providesguidetoacademicprogrammes,facilities,studentactivities,andinternationalstudents.

title:	Islamic Science University of Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usim.edu.my%2F
desc:	TheacademicprogrammesarefocusedanddevelopedwiththeideathatIslamicstudiesshouldbetakenasabaseforallbranchesofknowledge.

title:	Kolej Damansara Utama (KDU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kdu.edu.my%2F
desc:	Offerscertificate,diplomaanddegreeprogrammes.Includesonlineapplication,programmesandcourses,newsandevents,internationalstudents,scholarshipandloans.

title:	Kolej WIT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wit.edu.my%2F
desc:	Anengineeringteachingfacilitywithguidetocourses,admissions,facilities,services,training,andalumni.

title:	Lead Academic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lead.edu.my%2F
desc:	InstitutionconductingMBAprogramforSouthernCaliforniaUniversityforProfessionalStudies(SCUPS)andSeniorUniversityInternational(SUI).

title:	Malaysia University of Science and Technology ( MUST ) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.must.edu.my%2F
desc:	AcollaborativeprogrambetweenMUSTEhsanFoundationandtheMassachusettsInstituteofTechnology(MIT).

title:	Malaysian Institute of Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mim.org.my%2F
desc:	Professionalassociationofmanagersandorganisations,aswellasatrainingcentre.Providesmembershipservices,managementdevelopment,educationandprogrammes.LocatedinKualaLumpur,PetalingJaya,PenangandJohorBahru.

title:	Razi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.razi.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Foundedin1972andthenitwasexpandedtoauniversitywiththenameofraziin1974.Itoffersdoctorateprogram,36graduateprogram,62undergraduateprograms5moreundergraduateprogramsineveningtime,thereare261full-timemembersofacademicstaffswhoservetheuniversity.

title:	Sahand University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sut.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthedepartments,andresearchplans.

title:	Shahid Bahonar University of Kerman 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uk.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheuniversityanditscolleges,researchplans,newsandevents.

title:	Shahid Beheshti University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbu.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Consistsoftwelvefacultiesofarchitectureandurbanplanning,business,earthsciences,economicsandpoliticalsciences,educationandpsychology,electricalandcomputerengineering,Islamicteachingsdepartment,law,literatureandhumansciences,mathematicalsciences,physicaleducationandsportsciences,sciences.Websitealsooffersinformationaboutaffiliatedresearchcentersandinstitutes.

title:	Shahrekord University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sku.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthefaculties,services,researchplans,andnewsandevents.

title:	Sharif University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sharif.ir%2F
desc:	LocatedinTehranandfoundedin1966,with13departments.Websiteoffersdetailedinformationabouttheservices,faculties,andstudents.

title:	Melaka Manipal Medical College (MMMC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.manipal.edu.my%2F
desc:	Providesbackground,profile,coursesoffered,departmentscampusinformationandapplicationform.

title:	Monash University Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monash.edu.my%2F
desc:	Includesprogramsoffered,newsline,clubs,events,alumni,campusfacilitiesandvacancies.

title:	New Era College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newera.edu.my%2F
desc:	Privatenon-profithigher-learninginstitutioninSelangor.

title:	NIIT Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.niit.edu.my%2F
desc:	ITrelatedcollegesofferingsolutionsforbusinessesandcoursessuchase-commerce,professionalcourses,CATS,andplacementservices.

title:	The One Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toa.edu.my%2F
desc:	Schoolprovidingdesign,multimedia,animation,advertising,graphicsandillustrationeducation.Givesoverview,courses,admissions,campusguide,services,news,andinternationalstudentinformation.

title:	Open University Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oum.edu.my%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteforOpenUniversityMalaysia(OUM),providinginformationondiploma,degree,mastersandphDprogrammes.Includesinfoonfaculties,institutesanddigitallibraries.

title:	Penang Skills Development Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psdc.org.my%2F
desc:	Providerofup-to-datetrainingandeducationalprogramsinPenang.

title:	Shiraz University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shirazu.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduatedegreesinagriculture,science,humanities,engineering,veterinarymedicine,education,law,artandarchitecture.

title:	Tarbiat Modarres University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.modares.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthefaculties,researchplans,academicstaffandstudents.

title:	University of Birjand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.birjand.ac.ir%2F
desc:	LocatedinKhorasanprovince,itconsistsofthefacultiesofagriculture,artandarchaeology,engineering,lettersandhumanities,andscience.Websitealsooffersinformationaboutuniversitynewsandevents.

title:	University of Isfahan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ui.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Consistsofninefacultiesadministrativesciencesandeconomics,educationalsciencesandpsychology,engineering,foreignlanguages,literatureandhumanities,physicaleducationandsportsciences,science,andmathematicsandcomputer.

title:	University of Sistan and Baluchistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usb.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfaculties,academicservices,andrelatednewsandevents.

title:	University of Social Welfare and Rehabilitation Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uswr.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Offersinformationoncoursesanddegreeprograms,departments,affiliatedcentersandinstitutes,andcongresses.

title:	Urmia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.urmia.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfaculties,affiliatedresearchcenters,andnewsandevents.

title:	Zanjan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FMiddle_East%2FIran&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.znu.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfaculties,researchfacilities,andconferences.

title:	Seafield International College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sic.edu.my%2F
desc:	UMSSeafieldisownedbyYayasanUniversitiMalaysiaSabah,registeredwithMinistryofEducation(Malaysia).

title:	Southern University College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southern.edu.my%2F
desc:	PreviouslyknownasSouthernCollege,establishedin1990;itisthefirstnon-profithighereducationinstituteinMalaysia.

title:	Stamford College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stamford.edu.my%2F
desc:	Programmesoffered:Pre-Ucourses,Englishprogrammes,DiplomaInCorporateAdministration(Malaysia),B.A.(Hons)InternationalBusiness,HotelManagement(AHLA),ACCA,LCCI,CAT,Secretarialstudies,English,CIM(Marketing).

title:	Swinburne Sarawak Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swinburne.edu.my%2F
desc:	AdivisionofSwinburneUniversityofTechnology,MelbourneandoperatesinpartnershipwithYayasanSarawak.Givesschools,departments,events,courses,andinternationalstudentinformation.

title:	Tunku Abdul Rahman University College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tarc.edu.my%2F
desc:	Privatenon-profithigher-learninginstitutioninKualaLumpur.

title:	UNITAR International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unitar.my%2F
desc:	Privatehigher-learninginstitution,providesocialsciencesrangeofprogrammes.

title:	Universiti Malaysia Perlis (UniMAP) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unimap.edu.my%2F
desc:	UniMAPisapublicUniversityinMalaysia.ItoffersundergraduateprogrammesinEngineering,EngineeringTechnologyandBusiness.PostgraduateprogrammesforMastersandPhDand6DiplomaprogrammesinEngineering.

title:	Universiti Teknologi Mara (UiTM) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uitm.edu.my%2F
desc:	Officialmaincampuswebsiteprovidingthee-prospectus,thelatestaroundtheuniversityandalltherelatedlinkstooffices,facultiesandbranchcampuses.

title:	Universiti Tenaga Nasional 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uniten.edu.my%2F
desc:	Providingbothacademicprogrammesandengineeringtechnologyskillstrainingwithinthesamecampus.

title:	Universiti Tun Abdul Razak (UNIRAZAK) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unirazak.edu.my%2F
desc:	UNIRAZAKisoneofthefirstprivateuniversitiesinMalaysia,establishedon1997.

title:	Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia (UTHM) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uthm.edu.my%2F
desc:	Officialsiteprovidingvisitorswithacademicprogrammeslisting,requirementsandlinkstorelatedlatestuniversity'snews,faculties,officesandexcellencecentres.

title:	Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman (UTAR) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utar.edu.my%2F
desc:	Privateuniversity,ownedbytheUTAREducationFoundation,anot-for-profitorganisation.Offerswiderangeofcourses.

title:	University College Bestari 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ktb.edu.my%2F
desc:	UniversityCollegeBestariisoneofCollegesinMalaysialocatedatSetiu,Terengganu.KnownasKTBorCountryCampus.

title:	University Malaysia Sabah (UMS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ums.edu.my%2F
desc:	Providesinformationaboutprogrammesandcoursesavailableandlinkstotheirfaculties.

title:	University Malaysia Sarawak (UNIMAS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unimas.my%2F
desc:	Readabouttheirfacilitiesandactivities.

title:	University of Nottingham in Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nottingham.edu.my%2F
desc:	ThefirstbranchcampusofaBritishuniversityinMalaysia.

title:	VTAR Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vtar.edu.my%2F
desc:	Privatenon-profitvocationalinstitutionatKualaLumpur.

title:	Wawasan Open University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FMalaysia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wou.edu.my%2F
desc:	WawasanOpenUniversityisMalaysia'sfirstprivate,not-for-profit,openlearninginstitution,alifelonglearningcommunitywithoutborders.

title:	The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cuhk.edu.hk%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculties,administrationandresearch;informationforstudentsanddownloads.Informationonlibrariesandmuseums.

title:	City University of Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cityu.edu.hk%2F
desc:	FormerlytheCityPolytechnicofHongKong.Includesinformationonuniversity,linkstolearningresources,researchanddepartmentalinformationandstudentinformation.

title:	Hang Seng School of Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hssc.edu.hk%2F
desc:	Anon-profiteducationalinstitutionofferingatwo-yearfull-timeAdvancedLevelcourseandatwo-yearAssociateDegreecourse,tostudentsintendingtopursuestudiesinthebusinessfield.

title:	The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkapa.edu%2F
desc:	Includesinformationontheacademy'sschools,coursesandperformances.

title:	Hong Kong Baptist University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkbu.edu.hk%2F
desc:	TheformerHongKongBaptistCollege.Includesinformationontheadministration,academicdepartments,research,facilitiesandstudentinformation.

title:	The Hong Kong Institute of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eduhk.hk%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonfacilities,governance,admissionsanddepartments.

title:	The Hong Kong Polytechnic University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polyu.edu.hk%2F
desc:	Informationondepartments,research,admissionsandpressinformation.

title:	Hong Kong Shue Yan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hksyu.edu%2F
desc:	AprivateuniversityinHongKong.Includesannouncementofevents,informationonacademicactivitiesandprograms,libraryandstudentactivities.

title:	Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ust.hk%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonresearch,admissions,continuingeducation,studentinformationanduniversitynews.

title:	Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Business School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bm.ust.hk%2F
desc:	Givesoverview,departments,research,programs,plusstudentandalumniinformationpages.

title:	Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Wireless Research Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcenwit.ee.ust.hk%2F
desc:	Includesguidetofaculty,alumni,researchactivitiesandcurrentevents.

title:	Lingnan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ln.edu.hk%2F
desc:	Givesoverview,programmesandcourses,internationalexchanges,academics,administration,alumnipage,andemploymentopportunities.

title:	Milton International Education Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.milton.edu.hk%2F
desc:	Informationondiplomaprogramsandoffshoreoverseasuniversitiesdegreeprograms.

title:	University of Hong Kong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hku.hk%2F
desc:	Includesinformationontheuniversityandlinkstodepartmentalwebsites,employmentinformation,prospectusandinformationonstudentactivities,research.

title:	VTC School of Business and Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FHong_Kong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vtc.edu.hk%2Fsbi%2F
desc:	Offeringguidetocourses,admissions,academiccalendar,prospectus,andcampusmap.

title:	International Black Sea University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibsu.edu.ge%2F
desc:	Providesanoverviewoftheuniversity,FAQ,admissiondetailsandinformationonitsadministration.

title:	Universiti Brunei Darussalam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBrunei_Darussalam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ubd.edu.bn%2F
desc:	Universitywithmorethan300academicstaffand2,800studentsinsixfaculties,namelyArtsandSocialSciences,Business,EconomicsandPoliciesStudies,IslamicStudies,ScienceandBruneistudies.

title:	Udmurtia State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FUdmurtia_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uni.udm.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsite(EnglishandRussianversions).

title:	Asia Euro University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aeu.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Informationaboutacademicprograms,admissionrequirementsandjobsopportunities.

title:	Build Bright University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbu.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Detailsaboutacademicprograms,admissions,facultiesanddepartments,campusesandfacilities.

title:	Cambodian Mekong University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mekong.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Containsdetailsofcoursesandentryrequirements.

title:	International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iu.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Offersinformationonacademicprograms,admissionprocedures,faculties,announcementanduniversitynews,publications,andpartners.

title:	National Polytechnic Institute of Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npic.edu.kh%2F
desc:	providesdetailsoffees,courserequirements,andphotographs.

title:	National Technical Training Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntti.edu.kh%2F
desc:	NTTIoffersmanycoursesinTechnology,CivilEngineering,ElectricalEngineering,ElectronicsEngineering,CivilConstruction,Electrical,RefrigerationandAirConditioning,andTVETManagementInstruction.

title:	Norton University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.norton-u.com%2F
desc:	Includesinformationoncolleges,graduateschools,admissionrequirements,scholarship,serviceandfacilities,campuslifeandschedule.

title:	Pannasastra University of Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.puc.edu.kh%2F
desc:	InstitutionfoundedbyagroupofCambodianexpatriatesfromUSA.Detailsofadmissionspolicy,fees,facultiesandfacilities.

title:	Prek Leap National School of Agriculture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pnsa.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Containsalistofprogramsandcontactdetails.

title:	The Royal University of Fine Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rufa.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsoffees,courses,andstaff.

title:	Royal University of Phnom Penh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rupp.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Informationoncourses,facultiesandanewsletter.

title:	Svay Rieng University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sru.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Containsdetailsofcourse,faculties,andevents.

title:	University of Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uc.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Informationaboutcolleges,academicprograms,non-academicprograms,academicstaff,supportstaff,facilitiesandresources,newsletter,events,guidelines,foundationandjobopenings.

title:	University of Management and Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ume.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Containsfacultydetails,andadmissionrequirements.

title:	University of Puthisastra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.puthisastra.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsofcourses,facultiesandstaff.

title:	Vanda Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanda.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Providesinformationabouttheinstitute,itscoursesandscholarships.

title:	Zaman University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FCambodia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zamanuniversity.edu.kh%2F
desc:	Aprivateuniversity.Providesinformationabouttheuniversity,departments,coursesandscholarships.PhnomPenh.[English/Cambodian]

title:	Vladivostok State University of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FVladivostok_State_University_of_Economics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vvsu.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithgeneralinformationconcerningtheuniversity,departmentstructure,andacademicprograms.

title:	Yaroslavl State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FYaroslavl_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uniyar.ac.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsiteoftheuniversity(Russian-Englishversions).

title:	Aichi Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aichi-pu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityguide,history,facultiesofletters,foreignstudies,informationscienceandtechnology,culturalstudies,facilities,andcampusaccess.

title:	Akita Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akita-pu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	ComprisedoftwocampusesinAkitaandHonjo,withresearchandeducationcenters,instituteofwoodtechnology,graducateschool,campusmap,andaccessinformation.

title:	Fukui Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fpu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsuniversityeducationprincipals,history,departmentsandgraduateschoolsineconomics,biotechnology,nursing,socialwelfare,business,andbioscience.Givesstatistics,facilities,andcampusmap.

title:	Fukushima Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fmu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersfacultiesinmedicineandnursing.Withintroduction,history,andhospital.LocatedinFukushimaCity.

title:	Gifu Pharmaceutical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gifu-pu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetohistory,facultyandgraduateschoolofpharmaceuticalscience,andforeignstudentaffairs.LocatedinMitahora,GifuCity.

title:	Hiroshima City University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiroshima-cu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	InformationonHCUorganization,Master'scourse,facilities,andfacultiesofart,internationalstudiesandinformationsciences.

title:	Hiroshima Institute of Technology International Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.it-hiroshima.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersprofile,undergraduateandgraduateprograms,andintensiveprogramsinJapaneselanguageandculture.

title:	Kanazawa College of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kanazawa-bidai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculty,researchinstitute,extracurricularactivities,schoolhistoryandlibraryresearch.

title:	Kanazawa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kanazawa-u.ac.jp%2Fe%2F
desc:	Withdepartmentsofletters,education,law,economics,science,medicine,pharmaceuticals,andengineering.Alsoguidetograduateschools,researchinstitutes,library,hospital,andQuicktimemovieguides.

title:	Kobe City University of Foreign Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kobe-cufs.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetoacademicprograms,requirements,andfacilities,faculty,campuslife,locationandmap,library,andadmissions.

title:	Kyushu Dental College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyu-dent.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinKitakyushuCity.Withinformationonfacultyofdentistryandgraduatecourses,history,andlocation.

title:	Oita University of Nursing and Health Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oita-nhs.ac.jp%2FEnglish%2F
desc:	Informationonuniversitycourses,faculty,campus,news,andOitaprofile.

title:	Osaka City University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osaka-cu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersschoollocation,organization,facultiesandcenters,history,relatedhomepages,andeventsinformation.

title:	Osaka Prefecture University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osakafu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsuniversitymission,organization,history,chronology,pictures,locationandtransportationfacilities,campusmap,news,guideforforeignstudents,andadmissionsinformation.

title:	Prefectural University of Kumamoto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pu-kumamoto.ac.jp%2Fguide-e%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonapplications,departments,facilities,clubs,organization,access,andfaculties.

title:	Tokyo Metropolitan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tmu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Giveschronologicaloutlineandfeatures,organization,universitycalendar,accessandcampusmap,universitybulletin(pdfformat),andundergradandgraduateschoolsofscience,andengineering.LocatedinMinami-Osawa.

title:	Toyama Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pu-toyama.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2Feindex.html
desc:	Listshistory,organizationandadministration,academics,facilities,internationalexchanges,calendar,andcampusmap.Specializesinengineering,electronicsandIT,agriculturalandenvironmentaltechnology.LocatedinKosugiTown.

title:	University of Aizu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-aizu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresintroduction,curriculum,admissions,events,facilities,faculty,calendar,andresearch.LocatedinAizu-WakamatsuCity,Fukushima.

title:	University of Kochi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrefectural&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-kochi.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withdepartmentsofhumanlifeandenvironmentalscience,culturalstudies,socialwelfare,nursing,andgraduateschools.

title:	Bina Nusantara University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.binus.ac.id%2F
desc:	Includesguidetoitsschoolsandcenters,facilities,research,admissions,andmajors.

title:	Maranatha Christian University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maranatha.edu%2F
desc:	LocatedinBandung.Givesoverview,academics,facilities,library,calendar,andstudentactivities.

title:	Petra Christian University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petra.ac.id%2F
desc:	Describestheorganisation,facilitiesandacademicprogrammesoftheuniversity.

title:	Universitas Diponegoro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.undip.ac.id%2F
desc:	LocatedinSemarang,CentralJava.Withoverview,facultiesanddepartments,resourcesandservices,researchinstituteandpublications,staff,academicunits,andcampuslife.

title:	Universitas Gadjah Mada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ugm.ac.id%2F
desc:	TheofficialsiteofGadjahMadaUniversity,Bulaksumur,Yogyakarta.Bilingual:Indonesian-English.Fundedbygovernment.Master'sdegrees.

title:	Universitas Lampung 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unila.ac.id%2F
desc:	Listsintroduction,history,campusmap,calendar,admissions,facilities,andorganization.

title:	Universitas Muhamadiyah Malang 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umm.ac.id%2F
desc:	UniversitasMuhamadiyahMalang.Malang,JawaTimur,Indonesia.

title:	Universitas Padjadjaran Homepage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unpad.ac.id%2F
desc:	LocatedinBandung.Listshistory,curriculum,andmanagement.

title:	Universitas Pelita Harapan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uph.edu%2F
desc:	Providesguidetoacademics,admissions,news,programs,facilities,staff,campus,andemployment.

title:	Universitas Surabaya (UBAYA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ubaya.ac.id%2F
desc:	Givesnews,academics,research,faculties,campuslife,events,map,andactivities,plusinternationalstudentaffairs.

title:	Universitas Terbuka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ut.ac.id%2F
desc:	Indonesianopenlearninguniversity.BilingualIndonesian-English.

title:	Universitas Trisakti 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trisakti.ac.id%2F
desc:	PrivateuniversityinJakarta,withintroduction,administration,campus,facultiesandgraduateschools,andnews.

title:	University of Surabaya - Chemical Engineering Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FUniversities&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftk.ubaya.ac.id%2F
desc:	Includesoverview,areasofexpertise,lecturerprofiles,publicationsandfacilities.

title:	STMIK AMIKOM Yogyakarta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndonesia&url=http%3A%2F%2Famikom.ac.id%2F
desc:	Thefreeofsourcescomputerandinformationtechnologyknowledge

title:	Universitas Indonesia, Jakarta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndonesia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cs.ui.ac.id%2F
desc:	FacultyofComputerScience.

title:	Bali Hotel and Tourism Institute (Sekolah Tinggi Pariwisata Bali) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FInstitutes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stpbali.ac.id%2F
desc:	LocatedinNusaDua,Bali.Offerscourseprogramsonhotelmanagement,foodservices,andtourismmanagement.

title:	GS Fame Institute of Business 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FInstitutes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gsfame.ac.id%2F
desc:	Givesprofile,academics,facilities,activities,registration,andalumnipage.

title:	Institut Teknologi Sepuluh Nopember (ITS) Surabaya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FInstitutes&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.its.ac.id%2F
desc:	SurabayaSepuluhNopemberInstituteofTechnology.Bilingual:Indonesian-English.

title:	STIK Jakarta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndonesia%2FColleges&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fstik_jakarta%2F
desc:	InformationandComputerCollegesiteincludescurriculum,studyprogramandinformationonfacilities.

title:	Keio University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.st.keio.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	DepartmentofComputerScience.Researchareasincludecomputerarchitecture,programminglanguages,theoreticalcomputerscience,algorithms,artificialintelligence,andhuman-machineinterfaces.Linkstolaboratoryservers.

title:	Keio University GIGA Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fic.sfc.keio.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Aninternationalundergraduatecourse,taughtinEnglish,thatintegratesinformationandcommunicationtechnology,andgovernanceskills.

title:	The University of Tokyo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.is.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	OffersMS.andPh.D.programs.Containsadmissioninformation,labandmemberinformation,historyandaccessmap.

title:	National Fisheries University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FYamaguchi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fish-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinShimonosekiCity.Withhistory,courses,campusmap,internationalexchanges,andaccessguide.

title:	Yamaguchi Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FYamaguchi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamaguchi-pu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withgreetingsfromthepresident,campusguide,internationalexchanges,andcampusmap.LocatedinYamaguchiCity.

title:	Yamaguchi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FYamaguchi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamaguchi-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offershistory,facultiesandgraduateschools,administration,contactinformation,andfacilities.LocatedinYamaguchiCity.

title:	Aichi Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersschoolsinsciences,culture,law,andmanagement,commerce,aswellasguidetoorganizationandentrancepreparation.

title:	Aichi Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ait.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinToyoyaCity,Aichi.Withschoolsofengineering,chemistry,architecture,andelectronics,aswellasmanagementandmarketingofinformationsystems.

title:	Aichi Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aichi-med-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withinformationonuniversityhistory,campusmap,andaccess,andwithhospital,schoolsofmedicineandnursing.LocatedinNagakuteTown.

title:	Aichi Shukutoku University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aasa.ac.jp%2F
desc:	With3campusesinAichi.Listsschoolhistory,locationandenvironment,organization,facilities,plusdepartmentsoflanguageandliterature,libraryscience,society,communications,andculture.

title:	Aoyama Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aoyama.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withschoolsofinternationalpolitics,economics,business,scienceandengineering.

title:	Tsuru University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FYamanashi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tsuru.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesintroduction,descriptionofinternationalprograms,Japanesestudies,studentlife,accommodations,scholarships,andacademiccalendar.

title:	Asia University and Junior College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asia-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Facultiesofliberalarts,business,law,andeconomics,gradschools,andinternationalprograms.LocatedinTokyo.

title:	Bukkyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bukkyo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	BuddhistuniversityinKyoto,withschoolhistory,profile,locationinformation,campuslife,educationalstructure,affiliatedinstitutions,andinternationalexchangeactivities.

title:	Chukyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chukyo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withguidetoadmissions,campustour,undergraduateandgraduateschools,internationalstudentexchange,plusNagoyaandToyotacampusinformation.

title:	Chuo Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cgu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Facultyofcommerce,law,researchinstitutes,schoolhistory.LocatedinChiba.

title:	Chuo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chuo-u.ac.jp%2Fchuo-u%2F
desc:	InformationonTamaandKorakuencampuses,history,academiccalendar,library,computer,andinternationalcenter,andprogramsinlaw,economics,commerce,science,literature,andpolicystudies.

title:	Dokkyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dokkyo.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesinformationoncampusandmap,internationalrelations,facultiesofeconomics,law,foreignlanguages,andgraduateschools,admissions,andeventscalendar.LocatedinSoka,Saitama.

title:	Dokkyo University School of Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dokkyomed.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includescampusandadmissionguide.LocatedinMibu,Tochigi.

title:	Edogawa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edogawa-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Consistsofuniversityandjuniorcollege,withdepartmentsofsociologyandhumanstudies,masscommunications,environmentalinformation,andbusinessdesign.LocatedinChiba.

title:	Elisabeth University of Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eum.ac.jp%2F
desc:	ACatholicschoolwithabout600students,35full-timeand100adjunctfaculty,offeringprofessionaleducationinmusicattheundergraduateandgraduatelevels.LocatedinHiroshimaCity.

title:	University of Yamanashi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FYamanashi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamanashi.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationabouthistory,organization,researchinstitutes,faculties,accessmap,andinternationalexchange.

title:	Fukuoka University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fukuoka-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityhistoryandorganization,academiccalendar,undergraduateandgraduateschools,extracurricularactivities,internationalprograms,libraries,facilitiesandinstitutes,universityhospitals,andcampusmap.InJonan-ku,FukuokaCity

title:	Fukuyama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fukuyama-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityoutline,academics,facultiesandgraduateschool,libraryandinstitutes,gallery,andcampusinformation.LocatedinFukuyamaCity,Hiroshima.

title:	Gakushuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gakushuin.ac.jp%2Funiv%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Containsguidetoschool,faculties,departments,graduateschool,centers,courses,library,studentlife,andinformationforinternationalstudents.LocatedinToshima-ku,Tokyo.

title:	Hachinohe Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hi-tech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withschoolhistory,departments,graduateschool,studentservicesandfacilities,laboratories,andcampusmap.LocatedinHirosakiCity,Aomori.

title:	Hannan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hannan-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsfacultiesofbusiness,economics,managementinformation,internationalcommunication,andgraduateschoolofcorporateinformation.Withcampusguide,staff,andaccessmap.LocatedinMatsubara,Osaka.

title:	Hijiyama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hijiyama-u.ac.jp%2Fen%2Findex.html
desc:	Pagesforuniversity,graduateschool,andjuniorcollege.Includesintroduction,admissions,activities,news,anddepartmentsinlanguage,culture,andfinearts.LocatedinHiroshimaCity.

title:	Himeji Dokkyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.himeji-du.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withrequirementsandinformationforforeignapplicants.

title:	Hiroshima Jogakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hju.ac.jp%2Feng%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,faculties,licensesandqualifications,internationalexchanges,extracurricularlife,andinformationonplacementaftergraduation.

title:	Hiroshima University of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hue.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityorganization,location,departments,libraryandresearchcenters,andinformationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Hosei University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hosei.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Schoolcalendarandhistory,academicoutlineandcampuslife,libraryandresearchfacilities,internationalprograminformation,financialaid,andadmissions.With3campusesinTokyo.

title:	Hoshi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoshi.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Listsinformationonfacultyandgraduateschoolofpharmaceuticalscience,history,campuslife,andadmissionsinformationforforeignstudents.LocatedinShinagawa,Tokyo.

title:	International Academy of Media Arts and Sciences (IAMAS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iamas.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinOgakiCity,Gifu.Aimstoproducemediaspecialistsabletotakeadvantageofthetechnologicaldevelopmentsofthemultimediaera.

title:	International Christian University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	InternationalChristianUniversity,MitakaTokyoJapan

title:	International University of Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iuj.ac.jp%2F
desc:	GraduateSchoolofInternationalRelationsandGraduateSchoolofInternationalManagement(MBAProgram).LocatedinNiigataPrefecture.

title:	Jichi Medical School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jichi.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Descriptionsofdepartments,facilitiesandthefinancialaidprogram.LocatedinSaitama.

title:	Kagawa Nutrition University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eiyo.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2Fe_index.html
desc:	Withundergraduateschoolsinnutritionsciences,appliednutrition,cultureandnutrition,juniorcollege,graduateschool,libraries,andresearchactivities.

title:	Kanagawa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kanagawa-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	YokohamaCampus:Facilities,ResearchInstitute;HiratsukaCampus:Faculties;NakayamaCampus:UniversityHighSchool.

title:	Kanazawa Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kanazawa-it.ac.jp%2Fekit%2F
desc:	Featuresundergraduateandgraduateschools,facultyinformation,andresearchlaboratories.

title:	Kansai Gaidai University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kansaigaidai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	AsianStudiesProgram,informationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Keio University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keio.ac.jp%2Findex-en.html
desc:	Includesintroduction,history,academicsandadmissions,research,hospitals,libraries,campuslifeandguide,andaccessmaps.LocatedinTokyo.

title:	Keio University, Shonan-Fujisawa Campus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfc.keio.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offerscampusaccess,map,outline,campustour,admissions,andfacultyprofile.

title:	Kinjo Gakuin University and Graduate School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kinjo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	ChristianuniversityinNagoyaCity.Overviewandinformationonexchangeprograms,departmentsofhumanities,economics,humandevelopment,andreligiousstudies.

title:	Kobe College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kobe-c.ac.jp%2Fekc%2F
desc:	Collegeinformationandentranceexaminationinformationforstudents.

title:	Kobe Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kobegakuin.ac.jp%2F%7Eiwmaster%2Fenglish%2Ftop.htm
desc:	Profile,AcademicResearch,InternationalAcademicExchange.

title:	Kochi National College of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kochi-ct.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withdepartmentsofgeneraleducation,mechanical,electrical,andcivilengineering,materialsscienceandengineering,anddepartmentofindustrialchemistry.(English,Japanese)

title:	Kochi University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kochi-tech.ac.jp%2Fgs_e%2Findex.html
desc:	PageforInternationalRelationsOfficewithguidetograduateschoolofengineering,specialscholarshipprograms,internationalexchanges,andexamplesofresearchprojects.

title:	Kogakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kogakuin.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Withprinciplesandobjectives,history,universityfeatures,studies,researchinstitutions,communityactivities,studentactivities,admissionsandaccesstoitsShinjukuandHachiojicampus.

title:	Konan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.konan-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withschoolprofile,academics,libraryresearch,campuslife,admissions,access,andinternationalprograms.LocatedinKobe.

title:	Kumamoto Gakuen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kumagaku.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsintroduction,courses,programs,eventsandactivities,guidetoKumamoto,anddormitoriesforinternationalstudents.

title:	Kwansei Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kwansei.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesschooloutline,history,curriculum,extra-curricularactivities,internationalprogramsdepartment,library,labs,andresearchcenters.LocatedinHyogo.

title:	Kyorin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyorin-u.ac.jp%2FEnglish%2F
desc:	LocatedinMitakaandHachioji,Tokyo.Withschoolsofmedicine,nursing,andhealthcare,humanities,andsocialsciences.

title:	Kyoto Computer Gakuin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kcg.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthenon-degreeandpostgraduatecoursesandinternationalcomputereducationprogramsindevelopingcountries.

title:	Kyoto Gakuen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyotogakuen.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonundergraduatefaculties,graduateschool,andguideonadmissionofforeignstudents.

title:	Kyoto Pharmaceutical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-phu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	IntroductionoftheLaboratories.

title:	Kyoto Saga University of Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-saga.ac.jp%2Fen%2F
desc:	Includesthefaculties,departmentsandcoursesandtheinformationofinternationalstudentadmissions.

title:	Kyoto Sangyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-su.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Department,admissionandplacementinformation.

title:	Kyoto Seika University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-seika.ac.jp%2Feng%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityoverview,faculties,history,location,courses,calendar,enrollment,visa,andaccommodations.

title:	Kyushu Institute of Information Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiis.ac.jp%2Finformation%2Feng.html
desc:	Educationalfoundationsandinstitutions.LocatedinDazaifu,Fukuoka.

title:	Kyushu Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyutech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonfacultiesofengineering,computerscienceandnetworks,thecampus,andadmissions.LocatedinKitakyushu,Fukuoka.

title:	Kyushu Sangyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FPrivate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ip.kyusan-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	GeneralInformationontheKSUschoolsofeconomics,commerce,engineering,andfinearts.LocatedinFukuokaCity.

title:	College of Business and Technical Studies - Dehradun 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttaranchal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbts.20m.com%2F
desc:	Offersdiplomaanddegreecourses.Includesprofile,admission,facilities,andcontacts.

title:	University of Roorkee Alumni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttaranchal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fuor1999%2F
desc:	Onlinecommunityof1999batchontheweb.

title:	Akita University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akita-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Tegatacampus(CollegeofEducation,MiningCollege),andHondocampus(SchoolofMedicine,UniversityHospital,CollegeofAlliedMedicalSciences)inAkitacity.

title:	Chiba University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chiba-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	InformationonChibaUniversity,includingadmissioninformationforoverseasstudents.

title:	Ehime University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehime-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Outline,curriculum,guideforforeignstudentsandresearchers,facilities,campusmap,andregion.

title:	Faculty of Maritime Sciences, Kobe University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritime.kobe-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	ContainsguidetoMaritimeSciences,history,outlineofcourses,studentlife,informationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Fukui University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-fukui.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Givesoverview,departmentsandgraduateschools,campusinformation,overseasexchanges,andaccess.

title:	Fukuoka University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fukuoka-edu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withoverview,admissions,events,campuslife,schoolconsultaton,library,andalumniinformation.

title:	Fukushima University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fukushima-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresfacultiesandgraduateschoolsineducation,administration,publicpolicy,andeconomics.Includesguidetoadmissionsandinformationprosessingcenter.LocatedinFukushimaCity.

title:	Gifu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gifu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Generalinformationaboutentranceprocedures,facultyandstudentexchanges,graduateschools,library,facilities,andcampuslife.

title:	Graduate University for Advanced Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soken.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Researchandeducation,qualificationsformatriculation,graduationrequirements,Doctoraldegrees,schoolsanddepartments.

title:	Gunma University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gunma-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinMaebashiCity.Withfacultyofeducation,socialandinformationstudies,medicine,engineering,universitylibrary,andInstituteforMolecularandCellularRegulation.

title:	Hamamatsu University School of Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hama-med.ac.jp%2F
desc:	FacultyofMedicine.

title:	Hirosaki University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hirosaki-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonuniversitydepartmentsandnews.LocatedinAomori.

title:	Hiroshima University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiroshima-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityoutline,faculties,curriculum,library,campustours,research,campuslife,exchangeprogram,andinternationalstudentdivision.

title:	Abhijit Poddar's Edutainment Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abhipod.com%2F
desc:	CaterstostudentsofElectronicsHonoursasalsoofPhysics.Hasacademicmaterial,noveleducationalobjects,questionsandanswers.Alsoincludedaresomeoftheauthor'stravelexperiences.

title:	The Academy for Professional Excellence (APEX) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apexindia.org%2F
desc:	Aprivateeducationalorganizationofferinggraduateandpostgraduatecourses.Withguidetofaculty,facilities,courses,placements,news,academiccalendar,counsellingandapplications.

title:	Hokkaido University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hokudai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withgeneralinformation,campusmap,centersandfacilities,universitylibrary,guidetoentranceexaminations,andinformationforoverseasstudents.HascampusesinSapporoandHakodate.

title:	Hyogo University of Teacher Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyogo-u.ac.jp%2Findex-e.html
desc:	Withschoolhistory,academics,administration,departments,facilitiesandcenters,map,andstatistics.[AdobeAcrobatReaderrequired].

title:	Iwate University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwate-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetofaculties,applications,centersoncooperativeresearch,instrumentalanalysis,andsupercomputing,library,andadmissions.

title:	Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Hokuriku 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaist.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withguidetoadmissions,academicsinsciencesandinformationtechnology,facultyprofiles,campuslife,andevents.LocatedinTatsunokuchi,Ishikawa.

title:	Joetsu University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.juen.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withoutline,history,academics,organization,administration,statistics,faculty,facilities,andinternationalexchangeprograms.LocatedinJoetsuCity,Niigata.

title:	Kagawa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kagawa-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Admissions,Programs,Faculties.(English,Japanese)

title:	Kagoshima University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kagoshima-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersfacultiesinlaw,economics,education,science,medicine,dentistry,engineering,agriculture,fisheries,andgraduateschoolofagriculturalsciences.Alsoguidetoandresearchcenters,library,hospitals,andfacilities.

title:	Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalaya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bckv.edu.in%2F
desc:	FacultiesincludeAgriculture,HorticultureandAgriculturalEngineering.Finddetailsoftheadministration,differentfaculties,library,admissionandannouncements.

title:	Dinabandhu Andrews College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dacollege.org%2F
desc:	Detailsonadmission,courses,feestructureandstaffofthisartsandsciencecollegeinBaishnabghata.

title:	Durgapur Society of Management Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dsmsindia.com%2F
desc:	Detailsonhospitalitymanagementcourses,facultyandfacilities.Includesacampustourandtopperslist.

title:	Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iimcal.ac.in%2F
desc:	Amanagementinstituteofferingpart-time,full-timeandonlinepostgraduateandexecutiveeducationprograms.Providesinformationaboutfaculty,admissions,alumni,programsandfacilities.

title:	Institute of Engineering and Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiem.edu.in%2F
desc:	Kolkatabasedprivatecollegeoffersengineeringcourses.Includesdetailsonadmission,placement,researchandotherfacilities.

title:	Jalpaiguri Government Engineering College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jgec.org%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateengineeringprograms.Informationaboutthecollege,campuslife,academics,placements,workshopsandadmissions.

title:	MCKV Institute of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mckvie.edu.in%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateprogramsinengineering.Informationonadmissions,people,coursesandrules.

title:	Kobe University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kobe-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	IntroductiontoKobeUniversity,Faculties,CampusInformation,InternationalExchange.

title:	Kochi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kochi-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Introductiontofacultiesandgraduateschools,campusinformation,andinternationalcooperation.

title:	Kyoto University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfacultiesandgraduateschools,researchinstitutesandcenters.

title:	Kyushu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyushu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withoverviewofuniversity,guideforforeignstudents,calendar,newsletter,anduniversityorganization.LocatedinHakozaki,FukuokaCity.

title:	Mie University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mie-u.ac.jp%2Fen%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityoverview,history,organization,numberofstudentsandstaff,access,campusmapandaddresses,library,researchcenters,andspecialfacilities.

title:	Muroran Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muroran-it.ac.jp%2Findex-e.html
desc:	Includesguidetocampus,administration,accessandcampusmaps,educationandresearch,internationalaffairs.Coursesincludecomputerscience,civilengineering,appliedchemistry,mechanicalsystems,electricalengineering,andmaterialsscience.LocatedinHokkaido.

title:	Nagano University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nagano.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	Featuresintroduction,educationalgoals,anddepartmentsofsocialsciences,industrialsociety,industry-informationscience,andsocialwork.

title:	N. R. S. Medical College - Calcutta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnrsmc.tripod.com%2Fnoframe.htm
desc:	Unofficialsite.Informationaboutadmissions,history,andalumni.Includesanonlinealbum,FAQ,andstudyguide.

title:	Netaji Subhas Open University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wbnsou.ac.in%2F
desc:	Coversuniversityhistory,studycentres,courses,news,academiccalendarandexams.

title:	Nagaoka University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nagaokaut.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesadmissionsinformation,organization,administration,demographics,internationalexchange,andresearchactivities.LocatedinNiigata.

title:	Nagasaki University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nagasaki-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresuniversityintroduction,organization,access,researchactivities,internationalexchange,anduniversityfeatures.

title:	Nagoya Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nitech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesacademiccalendar,history,administration,departmentsandsubjects,statistics,facilities,campusmap,location,andprofileofNagoya.

title:	Nagoya University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nagoya-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresschoolofletters,education,law,economics,informaticsandsciences,medicine,engineering,agriculture,languageandculture,andgraduateschools.

title:	Nara Institute of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naist.jp%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithgeneralinformationanddetailsonadmission,campuslifeandinternationalactivities.

title:	Nara Women's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nara-wu.ac.jp%2Findex-e.html
desc:	Containsfacultyofletters,science,humanlifeandenvironment,graduateschool,accessmap,library,andadministration.

title:	Niigata University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.niigata-u.ac.jp%2Findex_e.html
desc:	Informationaboutfacultiesandschools,graduateschools,schoolsattachedtotheuniversity,andresearchinstitutes.

title:	Obihiro University of Agriculture and Veterinary Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.obihiro.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	Withuniversityprofile,facilities,campusmapandlocation,departments,undergraduatecenter,researchcenter,andinternationalexchanges.LocatedinHokkaido.

title:	Oita University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oita-u.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	LocatedinOitaCity.Facultiesofeducationandwelfarescience,economics,andengineering.Guidetotheuniversity,informationoncampuslife,admissions,andinternationalexchanges.

title:	Okayama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okayama-u.ac.jp%2Findex_e.html
desc:	Offersnews,prospectus,location,eventsinformation,guideforfacultiesandgraduateschools,directories,OkayamaPrefecturalguide,andlinks.

title:	Osaka University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osaka-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresintroduction,academics,guideforinternationalstudents,facilities,research,symposia,andcampusmap.

title:	Saitama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saitama-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Providesorganizationandadministrationguide,educationalfacilities,faculties,graduateschool,exchangeprograms,andforeignstudentinformation.

title:	Shiga University of Medical Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shiga-med.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withintroduction,history,organization,hospital,andresearchcenters.

title:	Shinshu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shinshu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsuniversityprofile,organization,history,news,anddepartmentsofarts,education,economics,sciences,medicine,engineering,agriculture,andtextilescienceandtechnology.With5campusesinNagano.

title:	Shizuoka University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shizuoka.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	Containsuniversityhistoryandorganization,transportationandcampusmap,aswellasregionallinks.CampusesinHamamatsuandShizuokaCity.

title:	Tohoku University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tohoku.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesnews,universityorganization,andstudentinformation.LocatedinSendai.

title:	Tokyo Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.titech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresdirections,academicsandadministration,originanddevelopment,statistics,campuseventsandmap,publications,links,library,andadmissions.

title:	Tokyo Medical and Dental University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tmd.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Faculties,Centers,ResearchInstitutes.

title:	Tokyo University of Foreign Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tufs.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withfacultyofforeignstudies,graduateschoolofareaandculturestudies,JapaneseLanguageCenterforinternationalstudents,andInstitutefortheStudyofLanguagesandCulturesofAsiaandAfrica.

title:	Tottori University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tottori-u.ac.jp%2Fdd.aspx%3Fmenuid%3D1405
desc:	EducationandResearch;AdmissionandEnrollment.

title:	Toyohashi University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tut.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityorganization,admissions,statistics,exchangeprograms,financialaid,andschoolcalendar.

title:	Tsukuba University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tsukuba-tech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withintroduction,history,organization,faculties,graduateschools,andeducationalfacilities.

title:	University of Electro-Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uec.ac.jp%2Feng%2F
desc:	Includesguidetofaculties,departments,graduateschools,researchandeducationalfacilities,andlibrary.LocatedinChofuCity,Tokyo.

title:	University of Tokushima 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tokushima-u.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	FacultiesandSchoolsintheJosanjimaandKuramotocampuses.InternationalExchangeProgram.[PDFfile-requiresAcrobatReader]

title:	University of Tokyo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-tokyo.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersorganizationalchart,administration,faculties,departments,andgraduateschools,facilities,enrollment,hospitals,studentandresearcherexchanges,accessandcampusmaps.

title:	University of Toyama 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-toyama.ac.jp%2Fen%2Findex.html
desc:	Featuresguidetofacultiesanddepartments,studentinformation,news,alumnipage,andliveviews.

title:	University of Yamanashi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamanashi.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresguidetolaboratoriesandfacilities,informationforapplicants,andstudentsfromoverseas.

title:	Utsunomiya University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utsunomiya-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Giveslocation,briefhistory,graduateandundergraduateschools,researchandeducationalfacilities,campuslife,andaccessinformation.LocatedinTochigi.

title:	Wakayama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.wakayama-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityhistory,organization,campusmap,facultiesandgraduateschools,facilities,researchanddevelopment,andinternationalexchanges.

title:	Yamagata University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamagata-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsorganizationoffaculties,facilities,admissions,andcampuslife.

title:	Yamaguchi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamaguchi-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offershistory,facultiesandgraduateschools,administration,contactinformation,andfacilities.LocatedinYamaguchiCity.

title:	Indian Institute of Ecology and the Environment 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FSikkim&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.universityindia.edu%2F
desc:	Informationresourceandtraininginecology.

title:	Alpha Group of Institutions, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alphagroup.edu%2F
desc:	Acollegeandsecondaryschool.Collegeoffersbachelor'sdegreesinartsandsciencedisciplines.

title:	American College, Madurai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fguideme.itgo.com%2Fac%2F
desc:	Loginrestrictedareaprovidesfreee-group,addresses,e-cards,chatandjobstoold(alumni)andpresentstudents.

title:	Bharathidasan Institute of Management, Tiruchirapalli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bim.edu%2F
desc:	Containsinformationregardingadmissionsprocedure,faculty,placements,campuslife,studentevents,alumniandonlineapplicationgateway.

title:	Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bdu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersacademicprogramsinartsandsciencethroughitsdepartmentsandaffiliatedcolleges.Includesadmission,curriculum,facilities,resultsandcontacts.

title:	Chennai School of Ship Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cssmmarine.com%2F
desc:	Engineeringinstituteoffersmarineengineeringcourses.Containsinformationonadmission,placementandfeestructure.

title:	Colleges in Tamilnadu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collegesintamilnadu.com%2F
desc:	AdatabaseofcollegesinTamilnadu,groupedbyfieldofstudy.

title:	Dharma Murthi Rao Bahadur Calavala Cunnan Chetty's Hindu College, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdrbccchinducollege.ac.in%2F
desc:	Withintroduction,history,services,academics,management,photosandalumnipage.

title:	Dr.M.G.R. Janaki College of Arts and Science for Women, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mgrjanaki.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includesadmissions,courses,facilities,alumni,andextracurricularactivities.

title:	Gobi Arts And Science College, Gobichettipalayam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgobiartscollege.org%2F
desc:	Informationoncourses,admissions,placements,facilitiesandcontacts.

title:	Jaya Engineering College, Thiruninravur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jec.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringcoursesandpostgraduatemanagementandcomputerscienceprograms.Containsprofileofthecollege,departmentsandawards.

title:	Karunya Institute of Technology, Coimbatore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.karunya.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationonacademics,facilities,research,history,administration,andalumni.

title:	Kongu Engineering College, Perundurai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kongu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandpostgraduateprograms.Informationaboutthecollege,courses,departments,alumniandcampus.

title:	Madurai Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fmd%2Fmaduraimedicos%2Fsamuraidocs1993.html
desc:	UnofficialwebsitefeaturesMMC'snon-clinicaldepartments,clinicalservices,facilitiesanddegreeprogramsinSouthIndia

title:	Mailam Engineering College, Tindivanam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mailamengg.com%2F
desc:	Includesprofileanddetailsonadmission,facilitiesanddepartments.

title:	Nataraj Institute of Science and Technology, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nistonline.com%2F
desc:	OffersB.B.A,M.B.A,M.SEngineeringandPh.D.courses.Alsoprovidesinformationonadmissionsprocedure.

title:	National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nitt.edu%2F
desc:	Givescampustourandguidetoacademics,admissions,facilitiesandevents.

title:	Noorul Islam College of Engineering, Kumaracoil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.niuniv.com%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduatecoursesinengineeringandpostgraduatecoursesinengineeringandmanagement.Informationaboutthecollege,courses,admissions,newsandfacilities.

title:	P.S.G. College of Technology, Coimbatore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psgtech.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationonadmissions,departments,eventsandcontacts.

title:	S.A. Engineering College, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saec.ac.in%2F
desc:	Containsinformationoncourses,departmentsandfacilities.

title:	Sakthi Mariamman Engineering College, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smecollege.edu%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringprogrammes.Includeprofile,courses,departmentsandcontacts.

title:	Sankaralingam Bhuvaneswari College of Pharmacy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbcollegeofpharmacy.com%2F
desc:	Offerscoursespharmaceuticalsubjects.Includesdetailsaboutthecollege,courses,facilities,departmentsandcontactinformation.LocatedinAnaikuttam,Sivakasi.

title:	Shanmugha Arts Science Technology and Research Academy (SASTRA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sastra.edu%2F
desc:	Includesoverview,campusmap,photos,academics,facilities,andcourseguide.Has12undergraduateand16post-graduateengineeringcourses,includingahighvoltageprogramme.LocatedinTanjore.

title:	Sri Krishna College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skcet.ac.in%2F
desc:	SriKrishnaCollegeofEngineeringandTechnologyofferstwoyearfulltimeMBAprogrammeundertheaegisofBharathiarUniversity,Coimbatore,TamilNadu.

title:	Sri Nandhanam College of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nandhanam.in%2F
desc:	Detailsonthedepartments,courses,admissionandacademicsofthiscollegeintirupattur.

title:	Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.svce.ac.in%2F
desc:	Detailsondepartments,faculty,campusnews,andalumniofthecollegenearChennai.

title:	Srinivasa College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsvcet.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduatecoursesinelectronicsandcomputerscience.Providesinformationaboutcourses,eligibility,locationandfacilities.

title:	Tamil Nadu Universities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tnuniv.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providingdetailedinformationaboutthestructure,organisation,programs,andactivitiesoftheuniversitieslocatedinTamilNadu.

title:	Thangavelu Group of Institutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thangavelucolleges.com%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesonscience,managementandengineering.Includesaprofileanddetailsoncoursesandfacilities.

title:	Thiagarajar College of Engineering, Madurai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tce.edu%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandpostgraduateprogramsinengineering.Informationabouttheinstitute,campus,admissions,courses,departments,library,placements,facultyandalumni.

title:	Vellore Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vit.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutcoursesoffered,staff,facilities,admission,alumni,conferencehostedandaphotogallery.

title:	Vinayaka Mission Research Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vinayakamission.com%2F
desc:	Containsdetailsoncolleges,admission,courses,examresultsandalumniofthisresearchfoundationdeemeduniversity.

title:	D.A.V. Institute of Engineering and Technology, Jalandhar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FPunjab&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davietjal.org%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringprograms.Includesacademics,facilitiesandcoursedetails.

title:	Gian Jyoti Institute of Management and Technology, Chandigarh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FPunjab&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gjimt.com%2F
desc:	Informationonadmissions,courses,facilities,faculty,placements,alumniandcontacts.

title:	Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FPunjab&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gndec.ac.in%2F
desc:	OffersB.Tech,M.TechandPh.D.programmes.LocatedinLudhiana.

title:	Vins Christian College of Engineering, Nagercoil 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vinsengineeringcollege.com%2F
desc:	Containsinformationoncourses,departments,facilitiesandadmissionprocedure.

title:	Vivekanandha Educational Institutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vivekanandha.ac.in%2F
desc:	GroupofinstitutionslocatedinThiruchengodeandofferscoursesinengineering,artsandscience,nursing,physiotherapyandpharmacy.

title:	Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University,  Lucknow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbau.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheuniversity,faculty,facilitiesprovidedandadmissionprocedures.

title:	Babu Banarasi Das National Institute of Technology and Management, Lucknow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbbdnitm.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheinstitute,academics,admission,placementandalumni.

title:	Bundelkhand University, Jhansi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bujhansi.org%2F
desc:	Informationaboutadmissionprocess,academicprogrammes,achievements,infrastructureandresults.

title:	Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University Placement Cell, Kanpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csjmuplacement.org%2F
desc:	Jobportalforuniversityanditsaffiliatedcollegestudentswithregistrationfacilityforemployers.Containsinformationonplacement,facilitiesandalumni.

title:	Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University, Kanpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kanpuruniversity.org%2F
desc:	Containsnews,informationonfaculties,academiccalendar,results,modeltestpapersandcontacts.

title:	Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Faktu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Detailsofofferedcoursesandprogrammes,newsandeventinformation,downloadableapplicationsandresult.

title:	Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmlau.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutsyllabus,courses,affiliatedcolleges,alumniandlinkstoforms.

title:	Galgotias University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galgotiasuniversity.edu.in%2F
desc:	Universityannouncement,notifications,historyandotherinformationrelatedtoGalgotiasUniversity

title:	Harcourt Butler Technological Institute, Kanpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hbti.ac.in%2F
desc:	Runsunder-graduateengineeringprograms.Informationondepartments,placements,administrationandacademicprograms.

title:	Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiml.org%2F
desc:	Informationonnews,events,links,activities,bulletinboard,recruitmentm,andspecialinterestgroups.

title:	Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiml.ac.in%2F
desc:	Premiermanagementinstitute.Offerspostgraduateandexecutiveeducationprograms.Providesinformationaboutfaculty,admissions,alumni,programsandfacilities.

title:	Institute of Engineering and Technology, Lucknow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fietlucknow.edu%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheinstitute,offeredacademiccourses,facultyandvariousdepartmentsoftheinstitute.

title:	Institute of Management Education, Sahibabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indianmba.com%2Futtarpradesh%2FUP26%2Fup26.html
desc:	Upcomingevents,coursedetails,andcontactinformation.

title:	Institute of Management Technology, Ghaziabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imt.edu%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheinstitution,programmesoffered,placement,alumniandadmissionprocedure.

title:	Integrated Academy of Management and Technology, Ghaziabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inmantec.edu%2F
desc:	Offersmanagementcourses.Providesinformationaboutcourses,faculty,alumni,researchprogramsandadmissions.

title:	International Institute for Special Education, Lucknow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiseindia.com%2F
desc:	Providesinformationoncourses,faculty,tuition,admissionsandnews.

title:	International Institute of Management and Entrepreneurship, Kanpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiime.org.in%2F
desc:	Residentialbusinessschoolofferingregularindustryintegratedmanagementprogrammesataglobalstage.Getdownloadableforms,admissionprocedureandnews.

title:	Ishan Institute of Management and Technology, Noida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ishanfamily.com%2F
desc:	OffersMCA,MBA,PGDBMandB.Edcourses.Containsinformationoncourses,facilities,alumniandcontacts.

title:	Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College, Aligarh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Famu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Containsfacultyinformation,notices,coursesofferedandcontactdetails.

title:	Kanpur Institute of Technology, Kanpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kit.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutinstitution,admission,infrastructureandplacements.Includesnews,eventsanddownloadableforms.

title:	Krishna Institute of Engineering and Technology, Ghaziabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiet.edu%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthecollege,courses,fees,accreditations,facultyprofileandplacements.

title:	Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration, Mussoorie 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbsnaa.gov.in%2F
desc:	Researchandtraininginstituteonadministrationandpublicpolicy.Informationonprogrammesandcoursesoffered,alumni,newsandcampuslife.

title:	Lucknow University, Lucknow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lkouniv.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includescirculars,notices,downloadableforms,alumni,admissionandexaminationdetails.

title:	Malaviyan Alumni Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.malviyans.com%2F
desc:	Withlistofchapters,news,linksandevents.

title:	MassCoMedia, Noida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.masscomedia.com%2F
desc:	Informationonofferedprograms,feesandplacementrecord.Includesphotogalleryandadmissionform.

title:	Neelkanth Group of Institute, Meerut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fneelkanth.edu.in%2F
desc:	Includesnews,events,colleges,offeredprogrammesandadmissiondetails.

title:	Raj Kumar Institute Of Technology, Ghaziabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Frkgit.edu.in%2F
desc:	Newsandevents,facultyinformation,differentdepartments,facilitiesandcoursesoffered.

title:	S.R.M.S. College of Engineering and Technology, Bareilly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srms.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersprogramsinengineering,pharmacy,managementandcomputerapplications.Informationaboutstudentactivities,placements,admissions,departments,facultyandinfrastructure.

title:	Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sgpgi.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providesinformationondepartments,academics,hospital,conferences,alumniandcontacts.

title:	School of Management Sciences, Varanasi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smsvaranasi.com%2F
desc:	Providesdetailedinformationaboutthecourses,infrastructureandfaculties.

title:	Pondicherry Engineering College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FPondicherry&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pec.edu%2F
desc:	Listsdegrees,
announcements,
alumni,
andscholarships.

title:	Dhaneswar Rath Institute of Engineering and Management, Tangi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FOrissa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.driems.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringandmanagementcourses.Includesinfrastructure,facilities,placementandcontacts.

title:	Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneshwar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FOrissa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ximb.ac.in%2F
desc:	ManagementinstituteaimsindevelopingmanagersforthecorporatesectorinBhubaneshwar.Informationaboutacademics,resourcesandentranceexamresults.

title:	Engineering College, Kota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FRajasthan&url=http%3A%2F%2Feckalumni.tripod.com%2F
desc:	News,contacts,mailinglistsandinformationonlocalchapters

title:	Institute of Engineering and Technology, Alwar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FRajasthan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ietalwar.com%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringcourses.Containsinformationondepartment,faculty,facilitiesandplacement.

title:	Lachoo Memorial College Of Science and Technology - Jodhpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FRajasthan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lachoomemorial.org%2F
desc:	Offersdegreeprogrammesinscience.Includesachievements,academics,facultyandalumninews.

title:	North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMeghalaya&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nehu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includesinformationondepartments,affiliatedcolleges,facilitiesandcontacts.

title:	St Anthony's College, Shillong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMeghalaya&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanthonys.ac.in%2F
desc:	OffersprofessionalcoursesinBiotechnology,Biochemistry,ComputerScience,Geology,Pisciculture,BusinessAdministration,MassCommunication,andMediaTechnologies.Informationonhistory,administration,students,research,library,courses,newsandcontacts.

title:	AICAR Business School, Neral 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aicar.net%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonadmission,academics,faculty,placementandalumni.

title:	Army Institute of Technology, Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aitpune.com
desc:	Includesinformationabouttheinstitute,admission,academics,infrastructuresandplacement.

title:	Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bharatividyapeeth.edu%2F
desc:	Offersmedical,nursing,engineering,management,artsandsciencecourses.Containsinformationoncampuses,admission,resultsandcontacts.

title:	Bharatiya Kala Prasarini Sabha's College of Architecture, Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bkps.edu
desc:	Informationabouthistory,programsoffered,admissions,faculty,students,alumni,andcontacts.

title:	CDAC  Alumni Webring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webring.org%2Fhub%3Fring%3Dcdacalumni
desc:	ComprisedofsitesofalumniofAll-IndiaACTS(AdvancedComputingtrainingSchools)ofCenterforDevelopmentofAdvancedComputing(CDAC),inPune.

title:	College of Engineering, Osmanabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcoeobad.tripod.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesengineeringeducationinOsmanabad.

title:	Datta Meghe College of Engineering, Navi Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dmce.edu
desc:	Containsthecollegeprofileandastudentcommunityandalumniregistration.

title:	DKTE Society's Textile and Engineering Institute Ichalkaranji 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dktes.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinIchalkaranji.Containsguidetoacademics,admissions,calendar,departments,faculty,research,newsandevents.

title:	Fergusson College - Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fergusson.edu%2F
desc:	Offersartsandsciencedegreecourses.Containsinformationoncourses,faculty,alumniandcontacts.

title:	Government College of Engineering, Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coep.org.in%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduateandpost-graduateengineeringprograms.Informationaboutadministration,placements,imagegallery,departments,alumniandadmissions.

title:	ILS Law College - Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilslaw.edu%2F
desc:	Offersdiploma,under-graduate,andpost-graduateprogramsinLaw.Informationonacademics,studentaffairs,admissions,faculty,events,collegemagazine,andjobopportunities.

title:	Indira Gandhi Institute of Development Research - Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.igidr.ac.in%2F
desc:	OffersM.Phil.,andPh.D.programsinDevelopmentStudies.Providesinformationaboutcourses,eligibility,admissions,placement,alumni,andfaculty.

title:	Institute of Management Development and Research (IMDR) - Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imdr.edu%2F
desc:	Offerspost-graduateprogramsinmanagement.Informationaboutprograms,faculty,research,alumni,news,andevents.

title:	Jawaharlal Darda Institute of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jdiet.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutacademics,faculty,admissionandfacilities.

title:	K. J. Somaiya College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.somaiya.edu%2Fkjsce%2F
desc:	Officialwebsitewithinformationaboutalumini,courses,admissionsandactivities.

title:	K. K. Wagh Education Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kkwagh.org%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsaboutthefacultyandboardofdirectors.Includesalistingofalldepartments.

title:	Kavikulguru Institute of Technology & Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kits.edu%2F
desc:	Institutefortechnicalstudents.Includesnews,pictures,instituteprofile,placementinformation,departments,admissionprocessandresults.

title:	L.S. Raheja College of Arts & Commerce, Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lsraheja.org
desc:	Containsinformationonadmission,faculty,infrastructure,examinationscheduleandcontacts.

title:	N.G. Acharya College's Arth-Manthan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arth-manthan.com%2F
desc:	AuniqueacademicfestivalofN.G.AcharyaandD.K.MaratheCollege,inMumbai.Aimstoattractandenhancestudents'interestinandenthusiasmtowardseconomics.

title:	Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies. Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmims.edu%2F
desc:	Offersfull-time,part-timeandonlinecoursesrelatedtomanagement.Informationaboutcourses,alumni,facultyandplacements.

title:	North Maharashtra University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providestechnicaleducation.Listsresults,managementcounsilinformationandvariousstudycenters.

title:	R.C. Patel Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rcpit.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providesengineeringstudysubjectsinfieldofcomputer,electronicsandinformationtechnology.Listsinformationabouttheirmanagement,facilities,labandcourses.

title:	Rajarambapu Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ritindia.edu%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringcoursesinthesubjectsofautomobile,mechanical,civil,computerandIT.Includesprofile,informationonmanagement,academics,activities,admissionprocessandvariousdepartments.

title:	Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering Research and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rcert.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringsubjectsforstudy.Includesprofile,coursesoffered,departments,newsroom,facuiltyinformation,trainingandalumini.

title:	S.P.Jain Institute of Management and Research, Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spjimr.org
desc:	InformationaboutthisbusinessschoolinIndia.Informationaboutpeople,programs,admissions,placementsandalumni.

title:	Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sgbau.ac.in%2F
desc:	Provideseducationinarts,commerce,sciences,medicine,ayurved,homescience,engineering,andtechnology.Containsinformationabouttheuniversity,courses,extensionservices,andstudent'swelfare.

title:	Sardar Patel College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spce.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutdepartments,courses,facultyandplacements.

title:	School of Broadcasting & Communication 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbc.ac.in%2F
desc:	InstituteprovidingundergraduateandpostgraduateleveldegreecoursesinthefieldsofBroadcasting,Journalism,Advertising,PublicRelations,EventManagement,ElectronicMediaandMassCommunication.

title:	Seth Gordhandas Sunderdas Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kem.edu%2Fcollege.htm
desc:	Providesupdatedmedicaleducation.

title:	Shri Guru Gobind Singhji College of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sggs.ac.in%2F
desc:	LocatedinNandedandoffersengineeringprograms.Informationondepartments,courses,administration,admissions,campusandalumni.

title:	SIES College of Management Studies, Nerul 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siescoms.edu
desc:	Offerspostgraduatemanagementprograms.Informationaboutacademic,events,alumniandplacements.

title:	Sri Sant Gajanan Maharaj College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssgmce.org%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduateengineeringprogramsandaMBAprogram.Informationaboutdepartments,courses,admissions,alumni,events,onlineresults,libraryandcontacts.

title:	Symbiosis Centre for Management and Human Resource Development, Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scmhrd.edu%2F
desc:	Offerspostgraduatediplomaprogramsinmanagement.Providesinformationaboutfaculty,placements,coursesandadmissions.

title:	Symbiosis Institute of Business Management, Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sibm.edu
desc:	Offerspostgraduatecoursesinmanagement.Providesinformationaboutcourses,campusrecruitmentsandalumni.

title:	Symbiosis Institute of Media & Communication, Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.simc.edu%2F
desc:	OffersUndergraduateandPostgraduatecoursesinBMM,MBAandMMC.SpecializationsincludeAdvertising,PublicRelations,Audio-VideoProductionandJournalism.

title:	Symbiosis Institute of Telecom Management, Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sitm.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersprogramsintelecommanagement.Informationabouttheinstitute,curriculum,admissions,facilities,alumniandactivities.

title:	Tata Institute of Social Sciences - Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiss.edu%2F
desc:	Offerspost-graduateprograms,andresearchinsocialsciences,personnelmanagement,researchmethodology,andhealthservices.Informationonresearch,resources,campus,publications,events,studentactivities,andcontacts.

title:	Tatyasaheb Kore Institute of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tkietwarana.org%2F
desc:	EngineeringCollege.Includesinformationoninfrastructure,virtualtour,news,placements,career,coursesandalumni.

title:	Terna Engineering College, Navi Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.terna.org%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduateengineeringprograms.

title:	Walchand Alumni - Association of Past Students 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.walchandalumni.com
desc:	AlumniofWalchandCollegeofEngineeringSangli(formallyknownastheNewEngineeringCollege,Sangli).

title:	Walchand Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.witsolapur.org%2F
desc:	Teachesengineeringsubjectslikeelectronics,productionandinformationtechnology.Includesinformationondepartment,admissions,coursesandcentrallibrary.

title:	Devi Ahilya University, Indore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMadhya_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dauniv.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationonadmissions,consultancy,research,distanceeducationprogrammesandcontacts.

title:	Intellicon Computer Education Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMadhya_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intellicon.8m.com%2F
desc:	RunscomputercoursesincludingPGDCA,DCA,BCAandothershorttermcourses.Withoverview,admissions,facilities,tuition,faculty,syllabus,andnews.

title:	Jiwaji University, Gwalior 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMadhya_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jiwaji.edu%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonadmissionpolicies,courses,facilities,affiliatedcollegesanddistanceeducation.

title:	Maharishi Centre for Educational Excellence (MCEE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMadhya_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mceeindia.com%2F
desc:	OffersBBA,BCA,MBA,MCAprogrammesinBhopal.

title:	Prestige Institute of Management & Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMadhya_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pimrindore.ac.in%2F
desc:	Featuresinformationabouttheinstitute,faculty,coursesoffered,admissiondetailsandotherrelateddetails.

title:	Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FJammu_and_Kashmir&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsmvdu.net.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutacademicprograms,admissions,andadministration.

title:	Indian School of Mines (ISM) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FJharkhand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ismdhanbad.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providesresultsofexaminationsandnewsaboutdepartments,studentactivitiesandadmissions.

title:	Wikipedia: Ranchi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FJharkhand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FRanchi_University
desc:	Briefinformationabouttheuniversity.

title:	Yahoo Groups: Indian School of Mines Alumni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FJharkhand&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fismd%2F
desc:	Mailinglistwherealumnicanexchangemessageandgetupdatesabouttheiralmamater.

title:	Apeejay College of Engineering, Sohna 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Faces.apeejay.edu%2F
desc:	OffersundergraduatecoursesandaffiliatedtoMaharishiDayanandUniversity,Rohtak.Containsprogramslist,alumni,infrastructureandcontacts.

title:	CCS HAU, Hisar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhau.ernet.in%2F
desc:	ChaudharyCharanSinghAgriculturalUniversityofferscoursesinagriculture,animalsciences,homesciences.

title:	Deenbandhu Chhotu Ram University Of Science and Technology, Sonepat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dcrustm.ac.in%2F
desc:	AffiliatedtoM.D.University,Rohtakoffersundergraduatecoursesincomputers,electrical,electronicsandcommunication,mechanical,chemical,architecture,biotechnology,biomedical.PostGraduatecoursesofferedinMBA,electricalandmechanicalEngineering.

title:	Dronacharya College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dronacharya.info%2F
desc:	Theprofile,departments,facilities,andadmissionproceduresofthecollegeinGurgaon.

title:	Dronacharya College of Engineering Alumni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alumni.dronacharya.info%2F
desc:	Offersemail,chat,imagesandclassphotosforgraduates.Requiresuserstoregister.

title:	Government Polytechnic, Mandi Adampur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgpadampur.wordpress.com%2F
desc:	Notesoncoursesoffered,staffandfacilities.

title:	Kamrah International Institute of Technology, Gurgaon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kiit.in%2F
desc:	Includesdetailsonadmissionprocedure,facilities,faculty,news,andcontacts.

title:	Management Development Institute, Gurgaon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdi.ac.in%2F
desc:	Premierbusinessschool.Informationonprogramsoffered,alumni,placements,infrastructureandfaculty.

title:	Pt. B.D.S. Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Rohtak 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pgims.org%2F
desc:	Informationonacademics,departments,alumniandcontacts.

title:	Indira Gandhi Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHimachal_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.igmcshimla.org%2F
desc:	Containsoverview,infrastructure,organisation,education,facilitiesandevents.

title:	Bapuji Institute of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bietdvg.edu%2F
desc:	Informationonthecampus,academics,administration,sports,news,coursesavailable,andhostel.

title:	Basaveshwar Engineering College, Bagalkot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.becbgk.edu%2F
desc:	Runsunder-graduateandpost-graduateengineeringprograms.InformationonManagement,Departments,Facilities,andAdmissions.

title:	Bijapur Liberal District Education Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bldea.org%2F
desc:	Associationofuniversitiesandcolleges,haslinksandinformationonmemberinstitutions.

title:	Christ College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.christuniversity.in%2F
desc:	Bangalorebasedcollegeoffersvariousmastersandbachelorslevelcourses.

title:	Garden City College, Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gardencitycollege.edu%2F
desc:	Offersartsandsciencedegreeprograms.Includesprofile,facilities,admission,resultsandcontacts.

title:	H.M.S. Institute of Technology - Tumkur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hmsit.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringdegreeprogrammes.Containsinformationonacademics,admission,facilitiesandplacement.

title:	Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iimb.ernet.in%2F
desc:	Premiermanagementinstitute.Offerspostgraduate,doctoralandexecutiveprograms.Providesinformationoncourses,publicationsandfaculty.

title:	Institute of Bioinformatics and Applied  Biotechnology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibab.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersdiplomacoursesandshorttermtraining.Detailsoncourses,facilities,eventsandcontacts.

title:	International Institute of Information Technology - IIIT Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiitb.ac.in%2F
desc:	Conductsafour-semesterpostgraduateprograminInformationTechnology.Detailsaboutcoursesrun,research,projects,andentrepreneurshipoptions.

title:	Jawaharlal Nehru Center for Advanced Scientific Research - Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jncasr.ac.in%2F
desc:	OffersMastersandPh.D.programsinPuresciences.Informationaboutadmissions,publications,departments,programs,seminars,andjobs.JointresearchprogramswithIISc,Bangalore.

title:	M. S. Engineering College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msec.ac.in%2F
desc:	Givesoverview,andinformationoncourses,facilities,admissions,academicsandexaminations.

title:	M.S. Ramaiah Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msrit.edu%2F
desc:	Bangalorebasedinstitutionofferscoursesinengineeringandmanagement.Informationonadmissions,departments,management,facilities,andcontacts.

title:	Malnad College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcealumni.org%2F
desc:	Alumniregistry,feedback,andnews.

title:	Micro Business Management College, Udupi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fjournal%2Finode%2Findex.html
desc:	Offersbachelorsprograminmanagement.Informationoncourses,admissions,andfeatures.

title:	Adivasi Academy, Tejgadh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadivasiacademy.org.in%2F
desc:	DducationalinstitutionsetupbyBhashaResearchCentre.OfferesPost-graduatecoursesinTribalStudies,HealthandMuseumstudies.

title:	Center for Environmental Planning and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cept.ac.in%2F
desc:	Ceptuniversity-Abouttheuniversity,coursesprovided,facilities,admissionsandcentres.

title:	Gujarat Law Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gujaratlawsociety.org%2F
desc:	InformationaboutGLS,itsinstitutions,pressreleases,photogalleryandalumni.

title:	Gujarat Vidyapith 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gujaratvidyapith.org%2F
desc:	Detailsofuniversity'shistory,courses,colleges,institutes,activities,news,updates,resultsandjobs.

title:	Indian Diamond Institute, Surat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diamondinstitute.net%2F
desc:	Institutionprovidescoursesondiamonds,jems&jewelryaswellaslaboratoryservices.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitgn.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheinstitute,admissions,administration,faculties,events,studentsandresearch.

title:	Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=https%3A%2F%2Firma.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providesinformationabouttheinstitute,itsactivities,facilities,programs,placements,admissions,researchandconferences.

title:	National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nid.edu%2F
desc:	Offersprofessionaldesigncourses

title:	Sardar Patel Institute of Public Administration 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fspipa.gujarat.gov.in%2F
desc:	GovernmentofGujaratInstitutefortrainingofgovernmentfunctionariesandcivilservicesaspirants.

title:	Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology, Surat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svnit.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includesprofile,academics,departments,placementandalumniinformation.

title:	Som-Lalit Education And Research Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.somlalit.org%2F
desc:	Offersgraduateandpostgraduatecoursesinmanagement,businessadministrationandcomputerapplicationthroughitsvariousinstitutes.

title:	Unitedworld 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unitedworld.in%2F
desc:	Instituteforlaw,designandmanagement.Includesinformationaboutvariousschools.

title:	Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management Studies and Research, Bilaspur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChhattisgarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imsbilaspur.4mg.com%2F
desc:	Informationaboutacademicprograms,universityaffiliation,infrastructure,placements,admissions,andfacultyprofiles.

title:	Maharishi University of Management and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChhattisgarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mumt.com%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandpostgraduateprograms.Containsprofile,courses,studycenterinformationandcontacts.

title:	Amity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amity.edu%2F
desc:	AgroupofprivateeducationalinstitutionsinIndiawithover22000studentsin53institutionsspreadover12campuses.Graduate,postgraduate,executive,distancelearning,andinternationalprograms.

title:	Amity Business School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amity.edu%2Fabs%2F
desc:	Offersvariousunder-graduateandpost-graduateprogramsinmanagement.Providesonlineapplicationforms,virtualtoursofcampus,admission,andalumniinformation.

title:	Amity Law School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amity.edu%2Fals%2F
desc:	OffersLawcoursesatunder-graduateandpost-graduatelevels,andspecializedprograms.Informationonadmissions,courses,anddownloadableapplicationforms.

title:	Amity School of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amity.edu%2Faset%2F
desc:	OffersB.Tech.andM.Sc.programsinengineering.Providesinformationoncourses,admissions,andhasdownloadableapplicationforms.

title:	Asia Pacific Institute of Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asiapacific.edu%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduate,postgraduateandinternationalcoursesinbusinessmanagementandinformationtechnology.

title:	Bharati Vidyapeeth's College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bvcoend.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduatecoursesininformationtechnology,electronics,andcomputerscience.Informationaboutthecollege,departmentsandfacilities.

title:	Bioinformatics Institute of India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bii.in%2F
desc:	ProvidingBiomedicalInformaticsprogramtoIndianprofessionalsandadheringtoacademicstandards.

title:	Centre of Social Medicine and Community Health - Delhi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcsmch.tripod.com%2Fcsmch.html
desc:	Offerspost-graduatestudiesinsocialmedicineandcommunityhealth.LocatedinJawaharlalNehruUniversity.

title:	DAV Institute of Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davim.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includesoverviewandguidetoprogrammes,facilities,activitiesandphotogallery.

title:	Delhi Institute of Paramedical Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fditpms.com%2F
desc:	Provideshighereducationinthefieldofparamedicalsciencesandbio-technology.

title:	Faculty of Management Studies, Delhi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fms.edu%2F
desc:	Offersfull-timeandpart-timeMBAPrograms.PartoftheDelhiUniversity,itcombinestheorywithpracticeinallitsprogrammes.Providesinformationaboutfaculty,alumni,placementsandinternationalassociations.

title:	Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fggsipu.nic.in%2F
desc:	Informationonacademics,administration,admissions,programmes,affiliatedcolleges,facilitiesandcontacts.

title:	Indian Institute of Finance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iif.edu%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduateprogramsinbusinessfinancemanagement.Sitedescribescoursedetails,admissionprocedure,facilitiesandfacultyinformation.

title:	Indian Institute of Foreign Trade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iift.edu%2F
desc:	Managementandinternationalbusinessschool.Sitedescribesfacilities,activities,andfaculty.

title:	Indian Institute of Planning and Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iipm.edu%2F
desc:	Offersvariousunder-graduateandpost-graduateprogramsinmanagement.Providesinformationaboutinstitute,coursesandplacements.

title:	Infinity Business School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inbuss.com%2F
desc:	Offerspostgraduateprogramsinmanagement.Providesinformationabouttheinstitute,programs,faculty,admissionsandplacements.

title:	Institute for Integrated Learning in Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iilm.edu%2F
desc:	Offersvariousunder-graduateandpost-graduateprogramsinmanagement.Providesinformationaboutadmissions,courses,infrastructure,facultyandplacements.

title:	International Management Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imi.edu%2F
desc:	Offerspostgraduateprogramsinmanagement.Providesinformationaboutprograms,admissions,facultyandfacilities.

title:	Lakshya Bhartee Institute of International Hotel Management (LBIIHM) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbiihm.com%2F
desc:	Provides3yrsB.Scinhotelmanagementandtourismaswellashotelmanagementdiplomas.

title:	New Delhi Institute of Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fndimdelhi.org%2F
desc:	Professionalinstituteprovidingundergraduateaswellaspostgraduatebusinessadministration,managementandcomputingcourses.

title:	Skyline Business School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skylinecollege.com%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandpostgraduateprogramsinbusinessadministrationandmanagement.Informationonadmissions,campusandplacements.

title:	Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vips.edu%2F
desc:	AffiliatedwithGuruGobindSinghIndraprasthaUniversity.Offersdegreesininformationtechnologyandlaw.

title:	BITS Pilani Goa Campus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGoa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bits-pilani.ac.in%2FGoa%2F
desc:	OfferB.E.(hons)andMSc.programmes.LocatednearZuaririver.

title:	Goa Engineering College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGoa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gec.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationonthecollege,faculties,courses,applications.

title:	Goa Institute of Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGoa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gim.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offerspostgraduateprogramsinmanagement.Providesinformationaboutadmissionprocedure,studentactivities,industryinteractionandalumni.

title:	Goa Medical College & Hospital 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGoa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gmc.goa.gov.in%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonmedicaleducationandpatientcareservices.OneoftheoldestmedicalcollegesinAsia.

title:	Government Polytechnic Bicholim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGoa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgpb.nic.in%2F
desc:	Informationincludingtheengineeringcourses,studentandapplicationdetails.

title:	Government Polytechnic Panaji 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGoa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgpp.nic.in%2F
desc:	Detailsoftheinstitution,itsfacilities,equipment,administrationandcampus.

title:	Alumni  Post Graduate Govt. College, Sector 11. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alumnipggc11.org%2F
desc:	News,membership,aims,events,informationandphotoalbum.

title:	Chandigarh College Of Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcca.nic.in%2F
desc:	Offersafiveyearbachelordegreecourseinbuildingscienceandarchitecture.

title:	Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccet.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersdegreeanddiplomacourses.Informationaboutadmissions,faculty,results,syllabusandlegalinformation.

title:	DAV College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davchd.com%2F
desc:	Offersbachelorandpostgraduatedegreecoursesinarts,commerceandscience.Alsotrainsfordiplomaandaddoncareerorientedprograms.

title:	Dev Samaj College For Women 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dscw45.com%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesatbachelorslevelinarts,commerceandbusinessadministration.Samvedna,alumni,achievements,alumni,hostelandactivities.LocatedinSector45.

title:	Dr. Ambedkar Institute of Hotel Management, Catering and Nutrition 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fihmchandigarh.org%2F
desc:	OffersB.Scdegreeandpostgraduatediplomacourse,admissions,events,placementandgallery.

title:	Goswami Ganesh Dutta Sanatan Dharma College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ggdsd.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offerspostgraduateandundergraduatedegreecoursesinarts,commerce,basicbioscienceandinformationtechnology.Coeducationalwithhostelfacility.

title:	Goverment Home Science College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.homescience10.org%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduatebachelorofsciencecoursesinhomescienceandfashiondesigning.Alsotrainforpostgraduatediploma,advanceandPhd.

title:	Government  College of Commerce and Business Administration 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gccbachd.org%2F
desc:	Offersbachelorlevelcoursesincommerceandbusinessadministration.Libraryandcomputerlaboratoryfacilities.Locatedin,Sector42.

title:	Government College of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gcechd.nic.in%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesineducationatbachelorandmasterlevel.Alsoimpartstraininginyogatheraphy.

title:	Government Medical College and Hospital 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgmch.gov.in%2F
desc:	Departments,faculty,admission,journal,jobsandtraining.

title:	Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hmcchd26.com%2F
desc:	OffersBHMSDegree.Informationonadmissions,programs,management,andOPD.

title:	Institute of Microbial Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imtech.res.in%2F
desc:	Offersresearchprogramswithfacilities,collaborations,andpublications.

title:	Panjab University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.puchd.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersprogramsinpuresciences,socialsciences,languages,medicine,engineering,dairying,animalhusbandry,agriculture,management,commerce,finearts,andlaw.Informationaboutlibrary,admission,placement,alumni,affiliatedcolleges,onlinejournal,andindustryinteraction.

title:	Post Graduate Government College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gc11.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersbachelorandpostgraduatedegreecoursesinarts,commerceandscience.FormerlyknownasGovernmentCollegeforBoys.

title:	Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpgimer.edu.in%2F
desc:	Engagedinprovidingservicesinpatientcare,medicaleducationandresearchinChandigarh.

title:	Punjab Engineering College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pec.ac.in%2F
desc:	Detailsoncourses,campus,infrastructure,admission,placementandcontacts.

title:	The Punjab Engineering College  Alumni Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pals.org%2F
desc:	Constitution,board,news,event,scholarship,directorysearch,blogandmembership.

title:	University Business School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FChandigarh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fubs.puchd.ac.in%2F
desc:	FormerlyDepartmentofCommerceandBusinessManagementatPanjabUniversity.

title:	Assam Engineering College, Guwahati 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAssam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aec.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includesinformationondepartments,faculty,students,andcourses.

title:	Gauhati Medical College and Hospital 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAssam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgmchassam.nic.in
desc:	Containsinformationonhistory,hospital,departments,faculty,andcontacts.

title:	Jorhat Engineering College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAssam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fne%2Fjec%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringprograms

title:	Tezpur University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAssam&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tezu.ernet.in%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonadmissions,events,facilities,news,andschools.

title:	North Eastern Regional Institute of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FArunachal_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnerist.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Unofficialwebsitemaintainedbyalumni

title:	Akkineni Nageswara Rao College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anrcollege.edu%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduatedegrees.

title:	Andhra University, Visakhapatnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andhrauniversity.info%2F
desc:	Includesadministration,academicprograms,researchfacilitiesandonlineresults.

title:	G. Narayanamma Institute of Technology and Science, Hyderabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnits.ac.in%2F
desc:	Collegeforwomen.Offersundergraduateprogramsinengineering.Informationabouttheinstitute,courses,departments,libraryandstudents.

title:	Guntur Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgunturmedicalcollege.edu.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthedepartments,administration,facilities,alumniandcontacts.

title:	Indian School of Business, Hyderabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isb.edu%2F
desc:	EstablishedinpartnershipwithKelloggGraduateSchoolofManagementandTheWhartonSchool.Thesiteprovidesinformationonbusinessprogrammes,admissions,facultyandfounders.

title:	Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mjcollege.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateengineeringprograms.Informationaboutthecollege,academics,results,faculty,facilities,programsandalumni.

title:	Raja Bahadur Venkata Rama Reddy Women's College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rbvrrwomenscollege.net%2F
desc:	Hyderabadbasedinstitutionoffersdegreeprograms.Includesinformationoncurriculum,departments,alumni,placementsandfacilities.

title:	Sea Horse Academy of Merchant Navy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seahorseacademy.com%2F
desc:	EducationalandtrainingcentersituatedinKakinada,AndhraPradesh.

title:	C-MMACS (CSIR), Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmmacs.ernet.in%2F
desc:	CentreforMathematicalModellingandComputerSimulation(CouncilofScientificandIndustrialResearch)

title:	Chennai Mathematical Institute, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmi.ac.in%2F
desc:	FormerlySPICMathematicalInstitute.

title:	Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmath.iisc.ernet.in%2F
desc:	DepartmentofMathematics.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitk.ac.in%2Fmath%2F
desc:	DepartmentofMathematicsandStatistics.MastersandPHDprograms.Includeslistoffacultyandphotos.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.iitb.ac.in%2F
desc:	DepartmentofMathematics.CoursesatB.Tech,M.Tech,M.ScandPh.Dlevel.Researchareas:AlgebraandCombinatorics;TheoreticalComputerScience;Analysis:FunctionalandNumericalAnalysis;TopologyandGeometry;NumericalAnalysis;MechanicsofFluids;MechanicsofSolids;Statistics.

title:	Panjab University, Chandigarh: Department of Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaths.puchd.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,thepeopleandtheirareasofresearch.

title:	Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.tifr.res.in%2F
desc:	SchoolofMathematics

title:	Acharya Institute of Technology Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Facharya.ac.in%2F
desc:	AITisaffiliatedtoVisvesvarayaTechnologicalUniversity(VTU)andisapprovedbyAllIndiaCouncilforTechnicalEducation(AICTE),andintheprocessofaccreditationunderNBAandNAAC.OffersB.EandM.TechinComputerScience

title:	Bengal Engineering and Science University, Shibpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiests.ac.in%2F
desc:	DepartmentofComputerScienceoffersB.E.DegreeCourseinComputerScience&Technology,M.E.DegreeCourse,Ph.D.programinComputerScience&Technology.

title:	C-MMACS (CSIR), Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmmacs.ernet.in%2F
desc:	CentreforMathematicalModellingandComputerSimulation(CouncilofScientificandIndustrialResearch).

title:	Gandhigram Rural Institute - Dindigul 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ruraluniv.ac.in%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonfacultiesofthedepartment,extracurricularactivities,placementandaphotogallery.

title:	Indian Institute of Information Technology - Allahabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiita.ac.in%2F
desc:	B.Tech,M.TechandPh.Dininformationtechnology.TheIIITisundertakingleadingedgeresearch,focusedonthoseareaswhichcouldshowtangibleapplicationintheimmediategeographicalandsocialmilieu.

title:	Indian Institute of Information Technology - IIIT Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiitb.ac.in%2F
desc:	Conductsathree-semesterpostgraduateprograminInformationTechnology.Detailsaboutcoursesrun,research,projects,andentrepreneurshipoptions.

title:	Indian Institute of Information Technology - IIIT Hyderabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiit.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduateandgraduateleveldiplomaprograms.Containsinformationaboutresearch,activitiesandindustryinteractions.

title:	Indian Institute of Science - IISc Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csa.iisc.ernet.in%2F
desc:	OffersM.E.andPh.D.programs.Containsonlinedocumentation,technicalreports,personalhomepages,andeventsinformation.

title:	Indian Institute of Science and Information Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fok%2FIISIT%2F
desc:	OffersM.C.A.degreeunderUtkaluniversityandB.C.A.,andM.C.A.degreesunderIGNOU.ItalsoconductsDOEACCcourses-O,A,B,Clevels.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology - IIT Bombay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cse.iitb.ac.in%2F
desc:	RunsB.Tech.,M.Tech.andPh.D.programs.Onlinedocumentation,events,personalhomepagesandresearchupdates.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology - IIT Delhi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cse.iitd.ernet.in%2F
desc:	ConductsB.Tech.,M.Tech.andPh.D.programs.Detailsofcoursesrun,events,researchprojectsandpersonalhomepages.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology - IIT Guwahati 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitg.ernet.in%2Fcse%2F
desc:	OffersB.Tech,M.TechandPh.D.programs.Containsonlinejournals,students'pages,eventsandresearchupdates.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology - IIT Kanpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cse.iitk.ac.in%2F
desc:	RunsB.Tech.,M.Tech.andPh.D.programs.Onlineresearchreports,events,contactinformationandpersonalhomepages.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology - IIT Madras 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cse.iitm.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduate,post-graduateanddoctoralprograms.Informationaboutcourses,personalhomepages,events,andcontacts.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology(BHU) Varanasi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiitbhu.ac.in%2Fcse%2F
desc:	Thedepartmentoffersa4yearcourse,B.Tech.incomputerengineering,5yearintegrateddualdegreeincomputerengineering,andPh.D.degreeinvariousspecializationsofcomputersc.andengineering.

title:	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Kakinada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jntuk.edu.in%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateengineeringprogramandhasinformationoncoursesandplacements

title:	K. R. School of Information Technology - KReSIT - IIT Bombay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.it.iitb.ac.in%2F
desc:	ConductsM.Tech.andPh.D.programs.Informationaboutevents,admissions,researchupdates,projectsandpersonalhomepages.

title:	Kerala University - Trivandrum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdcsku.org%2F
desc:	Includesacademicprogrammes,research,faculty,infrastructure,eventsandalumni.

title:	The LNM Institute of Information Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Flnmiit.ac.in%2F
desc:	OffersB.Tech.,M.Techprograms.Informationaboutevents,courses,admissions,infrastructure,researchupdates,seminarsandconferences.

title:	M. S. Ramaiah Institute of Technology - Bangalore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7Emsrit1%2Fccomp.html
desc:	Conductsanunder-graduateprogram.Informationaboutcourses,infrastructureandfaculty.

title:	Mohanlal Sukhadia University - Udaipur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mlsu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesininformationtechnologyandcomputerscience.Containsinformationonadmission,facilities,feesstructureandalumni.

title:	National Institute of Technology - Calicut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fminerva.nitc.ac.in%2Fcse%2F
desc:	OffersB.Tech,M.Tech,MCA,andPh.Dprogrammes.Containsclassschedule,placementandcontacts.

title:	National Institute Of Technology, Rourkela 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnitrkl.ac.in%2F
desc:	DepartmentofComputerScience.OffersprogramsleadingtoaBachelors/MastersdegreeinComputerScienceandEngineering.

title:	Ramrao Adik Institute of Technology - Navi Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rait.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduateengineeringprogramandhasinformationoncourses,resources,faculty,andplacements.

title:	S. R. M. S. College of Engineering and Technology - Bareilly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srms.ac.in%2Fcet%2F
desc:	DetailsoftheBachelorofTechnologyinComputerScienceandEngineeringprogramme.[Maynotworkinallbrowsers]

title:	Shri Krishan Institute of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skiet.org%2F
desc:	Engineeringandmanagementcollege.OffersabacheloroftechnologyincomputerscienceandIT.

title:	South Gujarat University - Surat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.insurat.com%2Fcomp-dept%2F
desc:	OffersaM.C.A.program.Containscourse,studentandalumniinformation.

title:	Tata Institute of Fundamental Research - TIFR Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tifr.res.in%2F
desc:	SchoolofTechnologyandComputerScience.OffersresearchprogramsleadingtoaPh.D.Containsinformationaboutcurrent,pastmembersandresearchfellows.

title:	University of Hyderabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FComputer_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FIndia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uohyd.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offerspost-graduateanddoctoraldegrees.Informationonprograms,faculty,facilities,research,placementsandcontacts.

title:	Amal Jyothi Engineering College, Kanjirapally 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amaljyothi.com%2F
desc:	Offersengineeringdegreeprograms.Includescourses,faculty,alumni,newsandevents.

title:	Amala Institute of Medical Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amalaims.org%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonhospitalfacilities,researchactivities,academicprograms,admissiondetails.Thrissur.

title:	Biochemistry Department Medical College, Trivandrum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biochem.htmlplanet.com%2F
desc:	Informationoncourses,people,facilities,eventsandcontacts.

title:	Calicut University Institute of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cuiet.info%2F
desc:	Officialwebsiteprovidingdetailsondeparments,academics,studentdetailsandpreviousquestionpapers.

title:	Chinmaya Institute of Technology, Chintech 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchintech.org%2F
desc:	Includesoverview,infrastructure,coursedetails,learningresources,facultyandstudentactivities.

title:	College of Engineering, Adoor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ceadoor.ihrd.ac.in%2F
desc:	WebsiteofAdoorEngineeringCollegeaffiliatedtoCUSAT.ProvidesinformationonDepartments,activitiesandnewsupdates.

title:	College of Engineering, Chengannur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ceconline.edu%2F
desc:	Aneducationalinstitution,startedundertheauspicesoftheInstituteofHumanResourcesDevelopment(IHRD),GovernmentofKerala.

title:	College of Engineering, Kallooppara 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cek.ac.in%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofCollegeofEngineeringKallooppara,Pathanamthitta.

title:	College of Engineering, Poonjar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cep.ac.in%2F
desc:	EngineeringCollegeaffiliatedtoCochinUniversity.Withoverview,courses,andguidetofacilities.

title:	Federal Institute of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fisat.ac.in%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithdetailsonthecourses,faculty,departments,alumniandplacementcellofthecollege.

title:	Government Engineering College, Barton Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gecbh.ac.in%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithinformationonthefaculty,admissionprocedure,feeandinfrastructure

title:	Government Engineering College, Idukki 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gecidukki.ac.in%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteoftheGovt.EngineeringCollege,IdukkiaffiliatedtotheMahatmaGandhiUniversity.Providesinformationonthecoursesoffered,departments,facilities,facultyandcontactdetails.

title:	Government Engineering College, Kozhikode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeckkd.ac.in%2F
desc:	Officialsiteofthecollege,affiliatedtotheCalicutUniversity.Providesinformationonthecourses,faculty,departments,alumniandplacementcellofthecollege.

title:	Government Engineering College, Sreekrishnapuram 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gecskp.ac.in%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithdetailsonthecourses,faculty,departments,alumniandplacementcellofthecollege.

title:	Government Engineering College, Wayanad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gecwyd.ac.in%2F
desc:	TheofficialwebsiteoftheGovt.EngineeringCollege,Wayanad,affiliatedtoKannurUniversity.

title:	Indian Institute of Management, Kozhikode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iimk.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offerspostgraduateprograms.Providesinformationaboutfaculty,admissions,placements,programsandfacilities.

title:	Indian Institute of Space Science And Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iist.ac.in%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofIndianInstituteofSpaceScienceandTechnology(IIST).Providesinformationonadmission,facilities,faculties,academicsandlatestnews.

title:	Kannur University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kannuruniversity.ac.in%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteoftheuniversityformerlyknownasMalabarUniversity.Providesdetailsondepartments,affiliatedinstitutions,examinationsandfeestructure.

title:	The Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kau.edu%2F
desc:	KeralaGovernmentinitiativeforprovidinghumanresources,skillsandtechnologyrequiredforthesustainabledevelopmentofitsagriculture.OffersgraduateandpostgraduateprogrammesatMastersandDoctorallevelsindisciplinesrelatedtoagriculture.Providesinformationoncourses,admission,results,affiliatedinstitutionsandpressreleases.

title:	Kerala University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keralauniversity.ac.in%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonstudentactivities,libraryande-journals,chat,alumni,boardofstudies,admissions,applicationforms,examresults.

title:	KVM College of Engineering & IT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kvmce.in%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithdetailsonthecourses,faculty,departments,alumniandplacementcellofthecollege.

title:	L.B.S Institute of Technology for Women 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbsitw.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsoncoursesoffered,departments,admissionandfacilities.

title:	M.E.S. College - Marampally 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mesmarampally.org%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesincomputerapplications,electronicsandmanagement.Includesadmission,courses,curriculumandcontacts.

title:	Mahatma Gandhi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mguniversity.edu%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofMGUniversity(formerlyGandhijiUniversity).Providesinformationondepartments,coursesoffered,feestructure,examinations,results,affiliatedcollegesandpressreleases.

title:	Mala Education Trust's School of Engineering, Thrissur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.metsengg.org%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsoncoursesoffered,admission,departments,facilities,placementsandnewsupdates.

title:	Mar Athanasius College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmace.ac.in%2F
desc:	LocatedinKothamangalamandoffersengineeringcourses.Containsinformationonadmission,departments,facilities,placementsandalumni.

title:	Mar Baselios Christian College of Engineering and Technology, Peermade 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mbcpeermade.com%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofMarBaseliosChristianCollegeofEngineeringandTechnology(MBC),Kuttikanam,Peermade.Providesinformationoncoursesoffered,admission,alumniassociationandcontactdetails

title:	Mary Matha Arts & Science College, Mananthavady 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marymathacollege.org%2F
desc:	Mainwebsite,includesdetailsoffaculty,admission,history,courses,departments.

title:	Model Engineering College, Cochin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mec.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthecollege,departments,admissionprocedure,andplacement.

title:	Mohandas College of Engineering and Technology (M-CET), Nedumangad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcetonline.com%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofM-CET,affiliatedtoUniversityofKerala.Providesdetailsonadmission,departments,facilitiesandactivities.

title:	N S S College of Engineering, Palakkad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nssce.ac.in%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofNSScollegeofEngineering,PalakkadprovidingdetailsonDepartments,facilities,placementcellactivitiesandnewsupdates.

title:	National Institute of Technology (NIT) Calicut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnitc.ac.in%2F
desc:	FormerlyRegionalEngineeringCollegeCalicut,andnowaDeemedUniversity.Generalinformationontheinstitution.

title:	Pariyaram Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mcpariyaram.com%2F
desc:	Officialwebsiteandprovidesevents,admissionandcontactdetails.

title:	Rajitlal Institute of Technology and Health Sciences: Trivandrum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.riths.com%2F
desc:	AnauthorizedacademicCentreofRajasthanVidyapeethDeemedUniversityforconductingcoursesinEngineering,Healthscienceandmanagementstreams.Includessyllabusandadmissionprocedures.

title:	Saintgits College of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saintgits.org%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteofSaintgitsCollegeofEngineering,Kottaya

title:	School of Communication and Management Studies, Cochin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scmsgroup.org%2F
desc:	Includesoverview,FAQ,news,guidetocampus,andalumnipage.

title:	School of Environmental Sciences, Mahatma Gandhi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sesmgu.org%2F
desc:	Offersregularandshorttermcoursesinenvironmentalsciences.Includescourses,facilities,projects,andcontacts.

title:	Sree Buddha College of Engineering, Pattoor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sbce.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthecourses,facilities,departments,admissionatSBCE,affiliatedtoKeralaUniversity.

title:	Sree Vidyadhi Raja N.S.S. College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svrnsscollege.com%2F
desc:	LocatedinVazhoorandcontainsprofile,departments,facilities,alumniandcontacts.

title:	ICFAI Business School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FManagement&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibsindia.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesdetailedinformationontheInstitute'sactivities,admissions,placements,programs.

title:	Shanxi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanxi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sxu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Picturesofthecampus,listofdepartmentsanddetailsofanumberofresearchinstitutes.

title:	Nankai University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FTianjin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nankai.edu.cn%2F
desc:	AkeyuniversityinChinalocatedinTianjin,alsothealmamateroflatePremierZhouEnlai.Introductiontotheuniversity,academicandresearch,administrativemanagement,andinternationalexchanges.

title:	Tianjin Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FTianjin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tijmu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Foundedin1951asthefirstmedicalinstitutionapprovedbytheStateCouncilofPRC.Generalinformationaboutitsorganization,collegesanddepartments,undergraduateandpostgraduateteachings,medicalworkandtheeducationforforeignstudents.

title:	Tianjin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FTianjin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tju.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Establishedin1895withthenameof"PeiyangUniversity",asthefirsteducationalinstitutionofhigherlearninginChina.Sitecontainsbriefintroduction,latestnewsandusefulinformationaboutteachingandlearning,researchanddevelopment,andstudyingatTJU.

title:	Tianjin University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FTianjin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tjut.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Generalinformation,newsandevents,academicsandresearch,campuslife,administrationandadmissions,andalsolinkstoOfficeofInternationalProgramsandExchanges,toCollegeofInternationalEducation.

title:	MAMCOAANA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University%2FMaulana_Azad_Medical_College&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mamcoaana.org%2F
desc:	MaulanaAzadMedicalCollegeAlumniAssociationofNorthAmerica.Detailsaboutconventions,membershipandpublications.

title:	Spandan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University%2FMaulana_Azad_Medical_College&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spandan.com%2F
desc:	TheannualmagazineoftheMaulanaAzadMedicalCollege.Sitefeaturesbestarticleshand-pickedbytheeditors.

title:	Zhejiang University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FZhejiang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zju.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedinHangzhou.Informationonguidetocampuslife,admissions,faculties,administration,research,alumniassociation,andemployment.

title:	Armed Forces Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FArmed_Forces_Medical_College&url=http%3A%2F%2Fafmc.nic.in%2F
desc:	Providesunder-graduate,post-graduatemedicaltrainingwithassuredcareerprospectsinthedefenceservices.

title:	National Law University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FRajasthan%2FNational_Law_University%2C_Jodhpur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nlujodhpur.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includesdetailsonadmissions,charges,coursesandfaculty.

title:	China Europe International Business School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ceibs.edu%2F
desc:	LocatedinPudong,Shanghai.OfferscoursestoMBAstudentsandmanagersofcompaniesoperatinginthecountry.Includesinformationontheadmissionspolicy,curricula,staffandfacilities.

title:	East China Normal University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecnu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedinShanghai.Picturesofthecampus,profilesoftheadministratorsandinformationoneachdepartment.

title:	Fisheries University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shfu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Informationonhistory,admissions,laboratory,curriculumandfacilities.

title:	Fudan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fudan.edu.cn%2Fen%2F
desc:	LocatedinShanghai.Informationoneachdepartment'sstaffandprogrammes.

title:	Shanghai Jiaotong University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjtu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Includesdepartmentprofiles,informationforoverseasstudents,detailsofupcomingconferencesandcoverageofacademicprogrammesandfacilities.

title:	Shanghai Maritime University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.shmtu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LearnaboutSMUlocatedinLujiazuiFinanceandTradeZone,Pudong.Providestheschoolhistory,departmentoverviews,anddegreeprograms.

title:	Shanghai University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.shu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityoverviewandhistory,pluslistingsofcollegesanddepartments.

title:	Shanghai University of Finance & Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shufe.edu.cn%2F
desc:	EstablishedinJune1917,presentsgeneralinformationaboutthehistory,undergraduateprograms,schools,campuslife.

title:	Tongji University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tongji.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Offersafullrangeofundergraduatedegreesandgraduatedegreesinarchitecture,medicine,andengineering.

title:	University of Shanghai for Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShanghai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.usst.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Informationaboutscientificresearchandindustries,internationalexchange,library,campuslife.

title:	University of Rajasthan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FRajasthan%2FUniversity_of_Rajasthan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uniraj.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutadmissions,colleges,exams,calendar,administration,andprograms.

title:	University of Pune 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FUniversity_of_Pune&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unipune.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduate,postgraduateanddoctoralprogramsinsciences,languages,socialsciences,law,managementandotherinterdisciplinaryprograms.Informationaboutfaculty,libraries,forthcomingevents,admissions,onlineresultsandanalumnisection.

title:	Department of Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FUniversity_of_Pune&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchem.unipune.ernet.in%2F
desc:	Withfacilitiesandhighlights,faculty,academicprograms,entranceexams,fieldsofresearch,upcomingeventsandprograms,software,studentbrochure(M.Sc.),andalumnipage.

title:	Department of Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FUniversity_of_Pune&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmath.unipune.ernet.in%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculty,courses,researchstudents,andmainactivities.

title:	All India Institute of Medical Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FAll_India_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aiims.edu%2F
desc:	Informationondepartments,faculty,facilities,medicaleducation,admissionsandrelatedhealthresources.

title:	Aiimsonians of America (AOA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FAll_India_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aiims-usa.com%2F
desc:	AnalumniassociationofAIIMSgraduatesinAmerica.

title:	The Class of '91 AIIMS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FAll_India_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvbhatia.tripod.com%2Faiims91.html
desc:	Discussionforumandmembersofthe1991batch.

title:	Ocean University of China 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShandong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ouc.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Offersinformationondepartements,researchandprograms.

title:	Qingdao University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShandong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qdu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Picturesofthecampusandlistsofdepartmentsandprogrammes.

title:	Shandong Institute of Business and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShandong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccec.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedinYantaiHi-TechDevelopmentZone,Shandongprovince,itoffersgraduateandundergraduatedegreesinbusiness,marketing,law,computers,andengineering.

title:	Shandong Jiaotong University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShandong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdjtu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	ProfilesitsBSdegreesinCommunicationStudies.Learnaboutthehistoryandfacilitiesoftheschool.

title:	Shandong University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShandong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Withuniversityguide,campusmap,research,alumni,internationalcommunicationanddetailsoftheinstitution'soverseaslinks.

title:	Taishan Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShandong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tsmc.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedinTaian,ShandongProvince,itoffers24specialtyandfourgraduatedegreesinmedicine,nursing,pharmacy,radiology,andhealthscience.

title:	Yantai University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FShandong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ytu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Providesinformationabouttheschool,institutionanditsdepartments,research,facilities,andcampuslife.

title:	National Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FNational_Institute_of_Technology_-_Durgapur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nitdgp.ac.in%2F
desc:	Residentialcollege.Detailsontheadministration,admission,academics,studentsfacilitiesandactivities.Alsoincludesavirtualtour.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology, Madras 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Madras&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitm.ac.in%2F
desc:	Officialsite.Informationaboutprogramsoffered,departments,activities,research,admissions,eventsandcontacts.

title:	Academics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Madras&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitm.ac.in%2Facademics
desc:	Detailsonadmission,academicprogrammes,courses,feesstructureandco-curricularactivities.

title:	Central Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Madras&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cenlib.iitm.ac.in%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonbooksandjournalcollections,memberships,servicesandcontacts.

title:	Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Madras&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgate.iitm.ac.in%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsonprocedure,eligibility,benefitsandresults.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Kharagpur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitkgp.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduate,post-graduate,anddoctoralprogramsinEngineering.Informationonadmissions,departments,events,andresearch.

title:	Kshitij 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Kharagpur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ktj.in%2F
desc:	Annualfest.Includesevents,sponsors,registrationandarchives.Alsolearnabouttheworkshopsandthemagazine.

title:	University of Roorkee Alumni 1999 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttaranchal%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Roorkee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiitr99.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Photographs,linksandgeneralalumniiinformation.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Kanpur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitk.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduate,post-graduateanddoctoralprogramsinEngineering.Informationondepartments,admissions,events,research,andfacultyandstudentpersonalhomepages.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology, Guwahati 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAssam%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Guwahati&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitg.ernet.in%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduate,post-graduate,anddoctoralprogramsinEngineering.Informationonadmissions,contact,anddepartments.

title:	The University of North Bengal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FUniversity_of_North_Bengal&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nbu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Officialwebsite;detailsofcollegesandadministration,coursesandadmission.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology - Bombay 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Bombay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitb.ac.in%2F
desc:	Officialsite.Informationaboutprogramsoffered,departments,activities,research,consultancy,admissions,events,andcontacts.

title:	Admissions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Bombay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitb.ac.in%2Fadmissions%2Findex.html
desc:	Informationaboutthevariousprogramsofferedinthevariousdepartments,withintakeinformation,educationcosts,schedule,andinstitutefacilities.

title:	Alumni 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Bombay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alumni.iitb.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationonregistration,events,news,appeals,announcements,awards,archives,links,andphotoalbums.

title:	IIT Bombay Heritage Fund 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Bombay&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitbombay.org%2F
desc:	AnorganizationofIITBombayalumniacrosstheworld.Itisanon-profitorganizationsetuptofundandpromotealumninetworking,andtosupporteducationandresearchamongstudentsofIITBombay.

title:	Bengal Engineering and Science University, Shibpur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FBengal_Engineering_and_Science_University%2C_Shibpur&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiests.ac.in%2F
desc:	Mainwebsite,includesdetailsoffaculty,administration,history,courses,departments.Alsoprovideselectionresults,admissionandinfrastructuredetails.

title:	Computer Science and Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Delhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cse.iitd.ernet.in%2F
desc:	Informationregardingcourses,faculty,admissionsandresearch.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FIndian_Institute_of_Technology_-_Delhi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iitd.ac.in%2F
desc:	InformationonIIT,Delhi,includingfaculties,academicprogrammesandfacilities.

title:	Thakur Junior and Degree College of Science and Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FUniversity_of_Mumbai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tcsc.org.in%2F
desc:	Providesinformationoncourses,admissions,faculty,societyandcontacts.

title:	TyBcom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FUniversity_of_Mumbai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tybcom.com
desc:	Containsnotesandpastuniversityquestionpapers.

title:	University of Mumbai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FUniversity_of_Mumbai&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersvariousdegreesinmanyfieldsofstudy.Informationonfaculties,departments,admissions,programs,sports,library,maps,distanceeducation,andaffiliatedcollegesandinstitutes.

title:	University of Mysore 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka%2FUniversity_of_Mysore&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uni-mysore.ac.in%2F
desc:	Websiteoftheuniversity,whichwithitsaffiliatedcollegescoversthedistrictsofMysore,Chamarajanagar,Hassan,Mandya.

title:	University Of Agricultural Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka%2FUniversity_of_Agricultural_Sciences_-_Bangalore&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uasbangalore.edu.in%2F
desc:	Detailsoftheinstitution,itsactivitiesandfacilities.

title:	University of Calcutta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FUniversity_of_Calcutta&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caluniv.ac.in%2F
desc:	Officialinformationonacademics,courses,libraries,museum,campuses,administrativeofficers,facilities,newsandFAQ.

title:	Institute of Radio Physics & Electronics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FUniversity_of_Calcutta&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.irpel.org%2F
desc:	Offersdetailsofregulations,facultymembers,researchpapers,news,alumni,obituaryandevents.

title:	University of Hyderabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh%2FUniversity_of_Hyderabad&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uohyd.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offerspost-graduateprogramsinSciences,FineArts,Languages,ComputerApplications,andopportunitiesfordoctoralresearch.Informationaboutadmissions,faculty,distanceeducation,campusphotos,alumniinformation,andonlineresults.

title:	Swami Ramanand Teerth Marathwada University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FMaharashtra%2FSwami_Ramanand_Teerth_Marathwada_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srtmun.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersvariousprogramsinthevarioussciencesandarts.Detailsoncourses,admissions,andaffiliatedcolleges.

title:	University of Madras 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FUniversity_of_Madras&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unom.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includesdetailsofanumberofcourses,includinginternetcourses.

title:	Punjab Agricultural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FPunjab%2FPunjab_Agricultural_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pau.edu%2F
desc:	PremieragricultureuniversityofIndiarecognizedforitsresearch,educationandextension.

title:	The West Bengal National University of Juridical Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FThe_West_Bengal_National_University_of_Juridical_Sciences&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nujs.edu%2F
desc:	Detailsofteachinginlaw,managementoftheuniversity,anditsfacilities.

title:	Engineering Staff College of India 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh%2FOsmania_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.escihyd.org%2F
desc:	AforumoftheInstitutionofEngineers,withoverview,faculty,campus,trainingandconsultancy.

title:	Indian Academy of Catering Technology & Culinary Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh%2FOsmania_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iactchefacademy.com%2F
desc:	Includesoverview,guidetocourses,placements,andexamresults.

title:	Osmania University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh%2FOsmania_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osmania.ac.in%2F
desc:	Contactinformation,maillists,andmessageboard.

title:	Punjabi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FPunjab%2FPunjabi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpunjabiuniversity.ac.in%2F
desc:	PromotesthePunjabilanguage,andofferscoursesonothertopicsaswell.

title:	Faculty of Management Studies, Udaipur 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FRajasthan%2FMohan_Lal_Sukhadia_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fmsudaipur.org%2F
desc:	Containsinformationontheinstitute,admission,courses,facultyandalumnioftheuniversitybasedinUdaipur.

title:	Mangalore University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka%2FMangalore_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mangaloreuniversity.ac.in%2F
desc:	Mainwebsitefortheinstitute,includingservicesandadministration,listofaffiliatedcolleges,industrialcontacts,projects.

title:	Roshni Egroup 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka%2FMangalore_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgroups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Froshni%2F
desc:	DiscussionforumforalumnioftheSchoolofSocialWork,RoshniNilaya,Mangalore.

title:	National Institute of Technology Kurukshetra 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHaryana%2FKurukshetra_University%2FNational_Institute_of_Technology_Kurukshetra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nitkkr.ac.in%2F
desc:	Givesguidetodepartments,administration,admissions,examresultsandfacilities.

title:	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh%2FJawaharlal_Nehru_Technological_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jntuh.ac.in%2F
desc:	InformationabouttheJNTUHyderabad,colleges,courses,faculty.

title:	Jawaharlal Nehru University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FJawaharlal_Nehru_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jnu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationontheschools,faculties,studentfacilitiesandcourses.

title:	Himachal Pradesh University, Shimla 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FHimachal_Pradesh%2FHimachal_Pradesh_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhpuniv.nic.in%2F
desc:	OffersvariousprogramsinLaw,Engineering,Medicine,Management,Arts,Languages,andSocialSciences.Informationonthevariousinstitutesandcollegesthatcomeunderit,distanceeducationprograms,library,officebearers,andadmissions.Avarietyofdownloadableformsareavailable.

title:	Gulbarga University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKarnataka%2FGulbarga_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gulbargauniversity.kar.nic.in%2F
desc:	Informationontheuniversity,facilities,departments,studentservices,andalsoonthecity.

title:	Gujarat University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FGujarat%2FGujarat_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gujaratuniversity.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheuniversity,colleges,departments,courses,admissions,results,activities,studentsandfaculty.

title:	Jadavpur University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FJadavpur_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaduniv.edu.in%2F
desc:	Offersunder-graduateandpost-graduateprogramsinengineering,science,andconductsadulteducationprograms.Informationonadmissions,courses,contacts,research,libraryandalumni.LocatedinCalcutta.

title:	Centre for Distributed Computing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FJadavpur_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdc-ju.org.in%2F
desc:	Educatesabouttheobjectives,projectsandpublicationcompiledbytheorganization.

title:	Computer Aided Design Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FJadavpur_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cadcentreju.org%2F
desc:	Acentrefortraining,consultancy,researchanddevelopmentononCAD,GIS,structuralanalysisanddesign,multimediaandanimation,computeraidedinteriordesign,AutoLISP,DBMSandERP.

title:	Jadavpur University Photographic Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FJadavpur_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjupconline.com%2F
desc:	Gallery,eventsandcontactdetails.

title:	Photo Gallery, Jadavpur University - Prantik Mazumder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FWest_Bengal%2FJadavpur_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbase.com%2Fprantik%2Fju_oct06
desc:	Collectionofphotosbyanex-student.

title:	Dr.T.P.M. Library 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FMadurai_Kamaraj_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mkulibrary.org%2F
desc:	Containshistory,bookcollectionsandservicesoffered.Includesthesisandbooksearch.

title:	Madurai Kamaraj University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FMadurai_Kamaraj_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mkuniversity.org%2F
desc:	Coversschools,departments,distanceeducation,admissions,affiliatedcolleges,examinations,campusfacilities,newsalumni,andadministration.

title:	School of Biological Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FMadurai_Kamaraj_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.genomicsmku.org%2F
desc:	Courses,faculty,researchprojectsandexamresultsofthedepartment.

title:	Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FBanaras_Hindu_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhu.ac.in%2F
desc:	PromotesthestudyoftheHindushastrasandSanskritliterature,withlearningandresearchinartsandscience.

title:	IITBHU Alumni Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FBanaras_Hindu_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itbhuglobal.org%2F
desc:	AlumniofInstituteofTechnologyofBananasHinduUniversity.

title:	Indian Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FBanaras_Hindu_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fiitbhu.ac.in%2F
desc:	LocatedinVaranasi.Withinformationonacademics,faculty,researchanddevelopment,departments,laboratoriesandcenters,informationforprospectivestudents,hostellifeatIT-BHU,andextra-curicularactivities.

title:	Institute of Medical Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FBanaras_Hindu_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhu.ac.in%2Fims%2F
desc:	FunctioningasCollegeofMedicalScienceswithDepartmentsofModernMedicine,Super-specialitiesandofAyurveda.

title:	Mahila Maha Vidyalaya 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FBanaras_Hindu_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhu.ac.in%2Fmmv%2F
desc:	Women'scollegeoffersartsandsciencecourses.Containshistory,admission,academics,facultyandactivities.

title:	University of Delhi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.du.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesinarts,management,socialsciences,finearts,commerce,sciencesandlaw.Informationonfaculties,colleges,admissionsandresults.

title:	Delhi University Linguistics Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdulinguistics.org.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Informationontheclubandmembers.

title:	Department of Financial Studies - Delhi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mfc.edu%2F
desc:	Offersamastersprograminfinanceandcontrol.Informationaboutthedepartment,programs,admissions,faculty,alumniandplacements.

title:	Dyal Singh College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdsc.du.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutcourses,admissions,facilities,facultyandresources.

title:	Hans Raj College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhansrajcollege.co.in%2F
desc:	CollegebasedinDelhiUniversity'snorthcampus.Offersdegreecoursesinhumanitiesandsciences.

title:	Hindu College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hinducollege.org%2F
desc:	Profile,admissionprocedure,academics,facilitiesandalumni.

title:	Institute of Economic Growth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iegindia.org%2F
desc:	Acentreforadvancedresearchandtrainingineconomics,demography,andsociology.

title:	Janki Devi Memorial College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjdm.du.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersartsandsciencedegreeprograms.Containsinformationonadmission,departments,activitiesandalumni.

title:	Jesus and Mary College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jmc.ac.in%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonfaculty,scholarship,collegeactivities,rulesandregulations,holidaysandevents,admissionsandlibrary.

title:	Lady Irwin College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ladyirwin.edu.in%2F
desc:	OffersundergraduateandpostgraduateeducationinHomeScience.

title:	Maitreyi College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaitreyi.du.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutacademicsstaff,departmentsandadmissions.

title:	Motilal Nehru College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmlncdu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutcourses,faculty,alumniandresources.

title:	Ramjas College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ramjascollege.edu%2F
desc:	Informationaboutdepartments,faculty,courses,admissionsandresources.

title:	Sri Venkateswara College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svc.ac.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutacademics,faculty,coursesandresources.

title:	St. Stephen's College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ststephens.edu%2F
desc:	Officialwebsitelistingevents,faculty,departments,historyandphotogallery.

title:	University College of Medical Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucms.ac.in%2F
desc:	AconstituentcollegeoftheUniversityofDelhi.AssociatedwithGuruTegBahadurHospital.

title:	Vivekananda College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FDelhi_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vivekanandacollege.edu.in%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfaculty,courses,admissions,regulationsandplacements.

title:	Indira Gandhi National Open University - IGNOU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FDelhi%2FIndira_Gandhi_National_Open_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ignou.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersdistanceeducationdegreeprogramsinarts,science,commerce,socialsciencesandinformationtechnology.Containsresultsandinformationaboutcourses,schools,divisionsandadmissions.

title:	Anna University, Chennai 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FAnna_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.annauniv.edu%2F
desc:	Offersbachelors,mastersanddoctoralleveldegreecoursesinfieldsofengineeringandsciences.

title:	Madras Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FAnna_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mitindia.edu%2F
desc:	Informationondepartments,admissions,programs,newsandcontacts.

title:	Mech2000 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FTamil_Nadu%2FAnna_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmech2000.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	DetailsofCEGMechanicalEngineeringbatchof2000(AnnaUniversity).

title:	Gauhati University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAssam%2FGauhati_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gauhati.ac.in%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonadmission,departments,facilities,resultsandincludesaphotogallery.

title:	Cochin University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FKerala%2FCochin_University_of_Science_and_Technology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cusat.ac.in%2F
desc:	OffersvariousprogramsinEngineering,Humanities,Law,Sciences,SocialSciences,Technology,andMarineSciences.Informationaboutcourses,peopleandauxiliaryinstitutions.

title:	BIT Mesra : Rest In Pieces 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FJharkhand%2FBirla_Institute_of_Technology%2C_Mesra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbitrip.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Studentweblogaboutcurrentevents.

title:	BIT Mesra Times 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FJharkhand%2FBirla_Institute_of_Technology%2C_Mesra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bit-mesra.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Weblogcontainingmap,statisticsandcomments.

title:	ex-BIT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FJharkhand%2FBirla_Institute_of_Technology%2C_Mesra&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbitmesra.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Caterstotheneedsofex-Bitians.

title:	Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Open University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FAndhra_Pradesh%2FDr._B.R._Ambedkar_Open_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.braou.ac.in%2F
desc:	FormerlyknownasAndhraPradeshOpenUniversity.Hasawidenetworkof137studycentersspreadthroughoutthestate.Withguidetomanagement,academics,andstudentservices.

title:	Aligarh Muslim University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FAligarh_Muslim_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Famu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonadmission,coursesfacultyandresearch.

title:	Alumni Association Northern California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FAligarh_Muslim_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Famu_alumni.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Providesguidanceandsupporttocurrentstudents.

title:	Global AMU Alumni Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FAligarh_Muslim_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amudirectory.com%2F
desc:	Includesalumnidatabase,statistics,linksandFAQ.

title:	My AMU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FAligarh_Muslim_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyamu.in%2F
desc:	Unofficialsiteprovidingadmissions,results,coursesandstudentsdetailsofAligarhMuslimUniversity.

title:	Zakir Husain College of Engineering and Technology, Aligarh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FAligarh_Muslim_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fengg.amu.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateengineeringprograms.Informationaboutthecollege,university,facilities,placements,admissionsandalumni.

title:	Allahabad University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FAllahabad_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allduniv.ac.in%2F
desc:	Offersprogramsinarts,commerce,law,andsciences.Featuresitshistory,admissionprocedure,alumnisection,andavirtualcampus.

title:	Jagat Taran Girls Degree College, Allahabad 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FIndia%2FUttar_Pradesh%2FAllahabad_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjtgdc.org%2F
desc:	Constituentwomen'scollegeoftheUniversityofAllahabad.Getcoursesandadmissiondetails,downloadableformsandresults.

title:	China Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FLiaoning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Providesinformationaboutthehistoryandimportanceofthisinstitution,anddetailscampuslibraryservicesandabroadprograms.

title:	Dalian Maritime University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FLiaoning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dlmu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonresearch,admissions,trainingprograms,anduniversitynews.

title:	Dongbei University of Finance and Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FLiaoning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenglish.dufe.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Foundedin1952andoffers23postgraduateprogramsleadingtotheawardofmastersdegrees,and14programsleadingtotheawardofdoctoraldegrees.

title:	Shenyang Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FLiaoning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.syit.edu.cn%2Fenglish.htm
desc:	Itisapolytechnichigherlearninginstitutionofferingseveralprogramsofstudywithaprimaryemphasisonstudyinthevariousfieldsofengineering.

title:	Shenyang Normal University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FLiaoning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.synu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,faculties,Library,administrativedepartmentsandinternationalexchanges.

title:	Changchun Normal University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FJilin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cncnc.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Acomprehensivemultiplesubjectteacher'scollege.Hasfiveinstitutes,16teachingspecializedsubjects.

title:	China University of Mining and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FJiangsu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cumt.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Readaboutthehistory,departments,research,andcampuslife.WritteninEnglishandChinese.

title:	Hohai University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FJiangsu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.hhu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	SchoollocatedinQingliangHill,Nanjing,emphasisesengineeringandsupportstenprofessionalcollegesempoweredbytheStateCounciltoconferBA,MA,andDRdegrees.

title:	Hohai University, Campus Changzhou 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FJiangsu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hhuc.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Readaboutthisnationaluniversitythatspecializesinhydroelectricpowerandotherrelatedfields.Findinformationaboutitshistoryanddepartments.

title:	Nanjing Normal University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FJiangsu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.njnu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Presentsinformationoftheschool'shistory,academicprograms,departments,andresearch.InEnglishandChinese.

title:	Nanjing University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FJiangsu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.njust.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Withsectionsonadministration,theuniversity'sdepartments,internationalstudentsandexchanges.

title:	Southeast University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FJiangsu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Findanintroductiontothehistory,faculty,admissionspolicies,research,andcampuslife.InEnglishandChinese.

title:	Harbin Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHeilongjiang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.hit.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Includesguidetoprospectiveandcurrentstudents,facultyandadministration,resources,researchanddevelopment,andforeignexchanges.

title:	Harbin University of Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHeilongjiang&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hrbcu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Themulti-disciplinaryuniversityinChinaapprovedbytheStateEducationMinistry,wasfoundedinOctober,2000.Offers13departments,3teachingbranches,institutesofscienceandresearch,andteachingandresearchcenters.

title:	Inner Mongolia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FInner_Mongolia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Learnmoreabouttheinstitution'sdepartmentsandteachingstaff,researchopportunities,andthesurroundingarea.

title:	Central South University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHunan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedinChangsha.Informationonschoolsanddepartments,disciplinesandmajors,researchanddevelopment,internationalexchanges,admissions,andconferences.

title:	Jishou University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHunan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jsu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Provincial-leveluniversityinthewesternpartofHunanProvince.

title:	Hebei University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHebei&url=http%3A%2F%2Feweb.hebut.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Coverstheadministration,departmentsandgraduateandundergraduateprogramsofthecollege.

title:	Yanshan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHebei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ysu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedinQinhuangdao.Withhistory,faculty,academicexchange,researchachievementandcampusculture.

title:	Guangdong University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuangdong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gdut.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedinGuangzhou.Includesintroduction,informationondepartments,facilities,andalumni.

title:	Guangzhou Civil Aviation College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuangdong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caac.net%2F
desc:	LocatedattheSouthGateareaofGuangzhoucityBaiyunInternationalAirport.Generalintroductionofthehistory,administration,laboratory,departments,colleges,admissions.

title:	Jinan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuangdong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jnu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Includesadmissions,programs,internationalrelations,linkstoindividualdepartments,andcontactinformation.

title:	Maoming College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuangdong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mmc.edu.cn%2Feng%2F
desc:	SituatedinMaomingMunicipality,GuangdongProvince.Itisamulti-disciplineinstitution,withengineeringasthemainstay,whilecoordinatingabalanceddevelopmentofteachertraining,managementscienceandotherdisciplines.

title:	Shenzhen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuangdong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.szu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	SouthernChinaschoolpresentsguidestoitscampusanddepartments.Browseeventupdates,teachingopportunitiesandrelatedlinks.

title:	South China University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGuangdong&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scut.edu.cn%2Fenglish%2Findex.html
desc:	TheUni.issituatedinGuangzhou(SCUT),asouthernmetropolitaninChina.TheSCUTispresentlymadeupof20colleges.

title:	China Three Gorges University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHubei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctgu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,faculties,admissions,internationalexchanges,andcampuslife.LocatedinYichangCity.

title:	Tongji Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHubei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tjmu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Wuhaninstitutionfeaturesaprofileofitsprograms,libraryandinternationalactivities.Peruseteaching,researchandmedicalservices.

title:	Wuhan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHubei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Generalinformationandsectionsonadmissions,thelibrariesandalumni.

title:	Wuhan University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHubei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wust.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Foundedin1907byZhangZhidong.Offers12collegesofferundergraduatecoursesin30specialties.

title:	Zhongnan University of Economics and Law 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FHubei&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.znufe.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedinHubei.Informationontheinstitutions,staffandhistory.

title:	Fuzhou University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FFujian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fzu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	TheschoollocatedinthehistoriccityofFuzhouinFujianProvince,situatedalongthesoutheastcoastofChina.

title:	Xiamen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FFujian&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.xmu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Guideincludesgeneralinformation,acampusphototour,listingsofdepartmentsandlaboratoriesandinternationaleducationinformation.InEnglishandChinese.

title:	Lanzhou Jiaotong University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGansu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lzjtu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Itwasestablishedin1958throughthetransferofdepartmentsandsectionsfromtwoChinesecollegesofhighrepute.

title:	Northwest Normal University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FGansu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nwnu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	WiththesupportoftheStateCommitteeofEducation,theNorthwestCentreforTrainingTeachersofNationalMinoritieswassetupintheUniversity.

title:	Anhui University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FAnhui&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ahut.edu.cn%2F
desc:	ProvincialinstitutionlocatedinHefeicity.Consistsof15schools,34departments,andscientificresearchinstitutes.

title:	Anhui University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FAnhui&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aust.edu.cn%2F
desc:	SituatedinHuainancity.Currentlytheuniversityconsistsof12departments,anadvancedvocationalandtechnicaltrainingschool,anadulteducationschool,andmorethan20researchinstitutes.

title:	Beijing Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FBeijing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bit.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LocatedintheHaidianDistrict.Providesintroduction,history,andcampusguide,aswellasguidetoacademics,research,news,internationalexchanges,employmentandinternationalconferences.

title:	Beijing Language and Culture University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FBeijing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.blcu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	OfferseducationinChineselanguageandculturetoforeignstudents.Findprogramandfacultyprofiles,pressreleases,andcontacts.

title:	Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FBeijing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buaa.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Featuresanoverviewofitsdepartments,labsandinstitutes.Perusecontinuingandinternationaleducationprograms.

title:	Capital Normal University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FBeijing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	LiberalartsinstitutionislocatedinBeijing.Findoverviewsofdepartmentandprograms,andcontactinformation.

title:	Northern Jiaotong University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FBeijing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.njtu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Learnaboutthehistory,administration,laboratory,departments,colleges,admissions,research,andcampuslife.

title:	Renmin University of China 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FBeijing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ruc.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Beijing-basedinstitutionfeatureshumanitiesandsocialsciencesprograms.Perusedepartmentandgraduateschoolprofiles.

title:	Tsinghua University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FBeijing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tsinghua.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Informationonprograms,facilitiesandresearchprograms.

title:	University of International Relations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FChina%2FBeijing&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uir.cn%2F
desc:	Establishedin1949,UIRcurrentlyoffersChineselanguagestudiesforinternationalstudentsworldwide.

title:	Huazhong Agricultural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAgriculture%2FAcademic_Departments%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hzau.edu.cn%2Fen%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthisuniversitywhich,aswellasagriculture,teacheslifesciences,basicsciences,engineering,liberalarts,law,economictrade,andmanagement.EnglishandChinese.

title:	Nanjing Agricultural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAgriculture%2FAcademic_Departments%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenglish.njau.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Learnabouttheuniversity'shistoryandresearch.EnglishandChineseversionsavailable.

title:	Nanjing Forestry University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAgriculture%2FAcademic_Departments%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Feng.njfu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Readabouttheschool'shistory,degreeprograms,anddepartments.InEnglishandChinese.

title:	Northeast Forestry University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAgriculture%2FAcademic_Departments%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nefu.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Detailstheprimarydisciplinesofthisinstitutionandprovidesabriefdescriptionofitsacademicexchangeprogram.

title:	South China Agricultural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAgriculture%2FAcademic_Departments%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scau.edu.cn%2F
desc:	Theschoolisakeyinstitutionforhigheragriculturallearning.Theuniversitynowhas14collegesanddepartmentsofphysicaleducationandresearch.EnglishandChinese.

title:	Tohoku University of Art and Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FYamagata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tuad.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Explainsuniversitystructure,internationalexchange,studentlife,andcurriculum.LocatedinYamagata.

title:	Yamagata University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FYamagata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yamagata-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsorganizationoffaculties,facilities,admissions,andcampuslife.

title:	Academy of Sciences, Beijing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cc.ac.cn%2F
desc:	InstituteofComputationalMathematics.

title:	Chinese Academy of Science, Beijing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.ac.cn%2F
desc:	InstituteofMathematics.

title:	Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amt.ac.cn%2F
desc:	InstituteofAppliedMathematics.

title:	Peking University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.pku.edu.cn%2F
desc:	SchoolofMathematicalSciences.(Beijing,China)

title:	Shandong University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FMath%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia%2FChina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sdu.edu.cn%2Fesdu%2Fkymath.html
desc:	SchoolofMathematicsandSystemSciences

title:	Toyama National College of Maritime Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FToyama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nc-toyama.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withdepartmentsofmaritimetechnology,electroniccontrolengineering,computerengineeringandtradeandtransport.Givesoverview,history,location,andfacilities.LocatedinShinminato,Toyama.

title:	Toyama Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FToyama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pu-toyama.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2Feindex.html
desc:	Listsuniversityhistory,organizationandadministration,facultiesandgraduateschools,facilities,internationalexchanges,calendar,andcampusmap.LocatedinKosugiTown.

title:	Toyama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FToyama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-toyama.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresguidetofacultiesanddepartments,studentinformation,news,alumnipage,andliveviews.

title:	Ashikaga Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTochigi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ashitech.ac.jp%2Fehome%2F
desc:	Withhistory,schoolandgraduateschoolofengineering,andadmissionguide.LocatedinAshikagaCity.

title:	Dokkyo University School of Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTochigi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dokkyomed.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includescampusandadmissionguide.LocatedinMibu.

title:	Jichi Medical School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTochigi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jichi.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Descriptionsofdepartments,facilities,nursing,research,hospital,andthefinancialaidprogram.

title:	Utsunomiya University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTochigi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utsunomiya-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Giveslocation,briefhistory,graduateandundergraduateschools,researchandeducationalfacilities,campuslife,andaccessinformation.

title:	A.C.C. International Culture College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShizuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.accjapan.com%2F
desc:	AccreditedschoolnearMountFuji.Shortwithlanguageandpreparatoryprogramsforuniversity.

title:	Hamamatsu University School of Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShizuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hama-med.ac.jp%2F
desc:	FacultyofMedicine.Anoverviewofschoolacademicprograms,resources,newsandadmissionsinformation.

title:	Shizuoka Sangyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShizuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Messagefromthepresident,academicoutline,researchfacilities,internationalprograminformation,andmapoflocation.

title:	Shizuoka University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShizuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shizuoka.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsuniversityhistoryandorganization,transportationandcampusmap,aswellasregionallinks.CampusesinHamamatsuandShizuokaCity.

title:	Aoyama Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTokyo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aoyama.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withschoolsofinternationalpolitics,economics,business,scienceandengineering.

title:	Asia University and Junior College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTokyo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asia-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Facultiesofliberalarts,business,law,andeconomics,gradschools,andinternationalprograms.LocatedinTokyo.

title:	Wakayama Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FWakayama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wakayama-med.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Recentlycompleteduniversitywithsixyearcoursesinmedicine.Featuresoutline,curriculum,andhospitalguide.LocatedinWakayamaCity.

title:	Wakayama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FWakayama&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.wakayama-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityhistory,organization,campusmap,facultiesandgraduateschools,facilities,researchanddevelopment,andinternationalexchanges.

title:	Shiga University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShiga&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shiga-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesschoolhistory,organization,administration,facultyandstaff,facultiesofeducation,economics,graduateschools,internationalstudents,andmuseum.

title:	Shiga University of Medical Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShiga&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shiga-med.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withintroduction,history,organization,hospital,andresearchcenters.

title:	University of Shiga Prefecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShiga&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usp.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersschoolsofenvironmentalscience,engineering,humancultures,collegeornursing,andgraduateschools.Withcampusmap,studentlife,syllabus,librariesandcenters,andtownguide.

title:	Naruto University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTokushima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naruto-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withguidetooutline,history,organization,internationalexchanges,facultyinformation,andcampusmap.LocatedinNaruto-shi,Tokushima.

title:	Shikoku  University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTokushima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shikoku-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	PageforShikokuUniversity,itsgraduateschool,andjuniorcollege.Withoverview,history,calendar,organization,tuitionandfees,campusmap,andinformationforexchangestudents.LocatedinTokushimaCity.

title:	Tokushima Bunri University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTokushima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bunri-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityoutline,academics,facultiesandgraduateschool,facilities,calendar,internationalacademicexchange,andcampusinformation.

title:	University of Tokushima 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTokushima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tokushima-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersoutline,organizationalchart,administration,faculties,departments,andgraduateschools,facilities,hospital,internationalstudentcenter,accessandcampusmaps.

title:	Bunri University of Hospitality 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSaitama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bunri-c.ac.jp%2Funiv%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,doctrine,andmessagefrompresident.LocatedinSayamaCity.

title:	Dokkyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSaitama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dokkyo.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesinformationoncampusandmap,internationalrelations,facultiesofeconomics,law,foreignlanguages,andgraduateschools,admissions,andeventscalendar.

title:	Saitama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSaitama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saitama-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Providesorganizationandadministrationguide,educationalfacilities,faculties,graduateschool,exchangeprograms,andforeignstudentinformation.

title:	Nishikyushu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSaga&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nisikyu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersuniversityoverview,history,graduateschools,colleges,researchinstitutes,andaccessmap.WithtwocampusesinKanzaki-shiandSaga-shi.

title:	Saga University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FSaga&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saga-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withoutline,academiccalendar,news,accessandcampusmap,academics,andadmissionsforforeignstudents.

title:	Baika Women's University and Junior College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baika.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listseducationalphilosophy,organizationchart,undergraduatecourses,graduateschools,andaccessmap.

title:	Hannan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hannan-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsfacultiesofbusiness,economics,managementinformation,internationalcommunication,andgraduateschoolofcorporateinformation.Withcampusguide,staff,andaccessmap.LocatedinMatsubara,Osaka.

title:	Kansai University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kansai-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonacademicsandresearch,andcampusandstudentservices.

title:	Kinki University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kindai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinHigashi-OsakaCity.Giveshistory,organization,campusmap,schools,andfacilities.

title:	Osaka City University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osaka-cu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersschoollocation,organization,facultiesandcenters,history,relatedhomepages,andeventsinformation.

title:	Osaka Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osaka-gu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Givesacademicandcampusguide,principles,library,andlinks.

title:	Osaka Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oit.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listseducationalprinciples,history,educationresearchsystem,campusandfacilities,internationalexchanges,campuslifeandcalendar,clubsandcircles,access,departmentsandgraduateschools.

title:	Osaka International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oiu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Comprisedof3faculties(managementandinformationscience,politics,economicsandlaw,andhumansciences),acollege,andtwograduateschools.Withinternationalprograms,research,andcampusguide.

title:	Osaka Kyoiku University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fosaka-kyoiku.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsgeneraloutline,campusfacilitiesandguide,departments,attachedschools,entranceexams,andinternationalexchanges.

title:	Osaka Prefecture University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osakafu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsuniversitymission,organization,history,chronology,pictures,locationandtransportationfacilities,campusmap,news,guideforforeignstudents,andadmissionsinformation.

title:	Osaka Sangyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osaka-sandai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsfacultiesandgraduateschools,internationalization,relatededucationcenters,maincampuscap,location,andaccess.

title:	Osaka University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osaka-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresintroduction,academics,guideforinternationalstudents,facilities,research,symposia,andcampusmap.

title:	Osaka University Medical School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.med.osaka-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesgraduateschoolofmedicine,undergraduateandgraduateschools,attachedhospitals,andrelatedinstitutions.

title:	Osaka University of Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fouc.daishodai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Givesintroductiontocollegesandgraduateschools,statistics,andhistory.

title:	Osaka University of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.osaka-ue.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinHigashiyodogawa-ku.Withfacultiesofeconomics,businessadministration,informationmanagement,humansciences,graduateschool,andresearchinstitutes.

title:	Osaka University of Economics and Law 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keiho-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsintroduction,admissions,faculties,institutes,plusonlinebrochureinpdfformat.

title:	Otemon Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.otemon.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,organization,departmentsofeconomics,management,psychology,sociology,Asianstudies,English,graduateschools,andcampusmap.

title:	University of Chichester Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOsaka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diploma.or.jp%2Fchichester%2F
desc:	OffersgraduatedegreesinTESOLinOsakaorTokyo.AffiliateofUniversityofChichesterintheUK.

title:	Meio University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkinawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meio-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withhistory,facultiesofinternationalstudies,humanhealth,graduateschool,andaccess.

title:	Okinawa Christian University and Junior College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkinawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ocjc.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includescollegeoverview,departmentsofEnglish,earlychildhoodcareandeducation,library,campuslifeandcalendar,history,andlocation.

title:	Okinawa International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkinawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okiu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsguidetoschool,departments,graduateschool,library,studentlife,andinformationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Okinawa Prefectural College of Nursing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkinawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okinawa-nurs.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationaboutundergraduate,graduate,andoutlineofcurriculum.

title:	Okinawa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkinawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okinawa-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityphilosophy,informationondepartments,entranceexaminations,andjapaneselanguageprogramforinternationalstudents.

title:	University of the Ryukyus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkinawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-ryukyu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Introduction,guidingprinciples,organization,statisticsandavailableprogramsfortheUniversityoftheRyukyus.

title:	Oita University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOita&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oita-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinOitaCity.Facultiesofeducationandwelfarescience,economics,andengineering.Guidetotheuniversity,informationoncampuslife,admissions,andinternationalexchanges.

title:	Oita University of Nursing and Health Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOita&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oita-nhs.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonuniversitycourses,faculty,campus,news,andOitaprofile.

title:	Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOita&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonbilingualeducationalsysteminamultilinguallearningenvironment,graduateandundergraduateprograms,facilitiesandcampuslife.LocatedinBeppu.

title:	Nara Institute of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNara&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naist.jp%2F
desc:	Withadmissionsinformation,internationalactivities,campuslife,researchcenters,andgraduateschoolsofinformationscience,biologicalsciences,andmaterialsscience.

title:	Nara Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNara&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.naramed-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityorganization,hospital,medicine,collegeofnursing,library,laboritories,cancercenter,andcampusmap.

title:	Nara University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNara&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nara-edu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesacademicorganization,teachingstaff,administration,andguideforforeignstudents.

title:	Nara Women's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNara&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nara-wu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguideforforeignstudentsandresearchers,history,facultiesofletters,science,humanlifeandenvironment,andgraduateschool,library,administration,andaccessmap.

title:	Tenri University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNara&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tenri-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featureshistory,organization,studentlife,andfacultiesofhumanstudies,letters,internationalculturestudies,health,andeducation.

title:	Nagasaki Wesleyan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNagasaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wesleyan.ac.jp%2F
desc:	GivesNWUintroduction,historyandtraditions,departments,courses,centers,library,chapel,andlinks.LocatedinIsahayaCity.

title:	Sasebo National College of  Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNagasaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sasebo.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Providesoverviewandoutlineofcollege,facilities,studentcouncilandactivities,departments,andadvancedengineeringcourses.

title:	Kibi International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkayama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkiui.jp%2F
desc:	Introductiontouniversity,library,faculties,andclubs.LocatedinTakahashiCity.

title:	Okayama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkayama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.okayama-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersnews,prospectus,location,eventsinformation,guideforfacultiesandgraduateschools,directories,OkayamaPrefecturalguide,andlinks.

title:	Okayama University of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FOkayama&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ous.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityhistory,departmentsmastersandgraduateprograms,facilities,andinternationalexchange.

title:	Tottori University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FTottori%2FTottori_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tottori-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresguidetolaboratoriesandfacilities,accessmap,informationforapplicants,andstudentsfromoverseas.

title:	Matsumoto Dental University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNagano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mdu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesschoolphilosophy,facultyprofiles,eventscalendar,andaccessmap.

title:	Nagano University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNagano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nagano.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresintroduction,educationalgoals,anddepartmentsofsocialsciences,industrialsociety,industry-informationscience,andsocialwork.

title:	Shinshu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNagano&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shinshu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsuniversityprofile,organization,history,news,anddepartmentsofarts,education,economics,sciences,medicine,engineering,agriculture,andtextilescienceandtechnology.With5campusesinNagano.

title:	Center for International Exchanges 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShimane%2FShimane_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkokusai.shimane-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Promotesinternationalexchangesbasedonregionalchallengeswithdomesticandforeignpeople.Withservicesandlinks.

title:	Shimane University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FShimane%2FShimane_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shimane-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfacultiesandgraduateschools,researchinstitutes,andcenterforinternationalexchanges.

title:	International University of Japan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNiigata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iuj.ac.jp%2F
desc:	GraduateSchoolofInternationalRelationsandGraduateSchoolofInternationalManagement(MBAProgram).LocatedinNiigataPrefecture.

title:	Joetsu University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNiigata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.juen.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withoutline,history,academics,organization,administration,statistics,faculty,facilities,andinternationalexchangeprograms.LocatedinJoetsuCity.

title:	Keiwa College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNiigata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keiwa-c.ac.jp%2F
desc:	ChristianliberalartsuniversityinNiigata,withdepartmentsofEnglishandInternationalStudies.

title:	Nagaoka Institute of Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNiigata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nagaoka-id.ac.jp%2F
desc:	DesignschoollocatedincentralNiigataPrefecture.Informationondepartments,graduateschool,admissions,andaccess.

title:	Nagaoka University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNiigata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nagaokaut.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesadmissionsinformation,organization,administration,demographics,internationalexchange,andresearchactivities.LocatedinNiigata.

title:	Niigata Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNiigata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.niit.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Consistsof4departments:mechanicalengineering;informationandelectronicsengineering;appliedchemistryandbiotechnology,architectureandbuildingengineering,aswellasgraduateschools.LocatedinKashiwazakiCity.

title:	Niigata University of health and Welfare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FNiigata&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nuhw.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsfacultiesanddepartments,pluscampusandadmissiondetails.

title:	Miyagi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyagi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.myu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsfacultiesofnursing,projectdesign,food,agriculturalandenvironmentalsciences,andgraduateschool.Withcurriculums,applicationsystemsforoverseasstudent,andcampusaccess.

title:	Miyagi University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyagi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miyakyo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Givesoutlineoftheuniversity,locationmap,divisionsandcourses,informationforforeignapplicants,library,andinformationprocessingandenvironmentaleducationcenters.

title:	Sendai College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyagi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sendaidaigaku.jp%2F
desc:	Offerssportsnutrutioncourses,withmaps,photos,departmentofphysicaleducationorganizationcharts,entranceexams,andcurricula.

title:	Sendai Shirayuri Women's College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyagi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sendai-shirayuri.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Aprivate,christianwomen'scollegeinSendaiwithhumansciences.Includesinformationaboutthefaculty,campus,andadmissions.

title:	Tohoku Gakuin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyagi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tohoku-gakuin.ac.jp%2F
desc:	ChristianschoolwithJapanesestudiesprogramforforeignstudents.LocatedinSendai.

title:	Tohoku Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyagi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tohtech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listshistory,undergraduatecourses,graduateschools,facilities,andacademiccalendar.

title:	Tohoku University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyagi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tohoku.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Giveshistory,organization,statistics,calendarofevents,map,links,andinternationalstudentcenter.

title:	Kumamoto Gakuen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKumamoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kumagaku.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsintroduction,courses,programs,eventsandactivities,guidetoKumamoto,anddormitoriesforinternationalstudents.

title:	Kumamoto University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKumamoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kumamoto-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversitycampusoverview,events,academics,andinformationforforeignapplicants.

title:	Kyushu University of Nursing and Social Welfare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKumamoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyushu-ns.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,organization,departmentsofnursing,socialwelfare,rehabilitation,graduateprograms,andcampusmap.

title:	Prefectural University of Kumamoto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKumamoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pu-kumamoto.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonapplications,departments,facilities,clubs,organization,access,andfaculties.

title:	Mie University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mie-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withhistory,organization,faculties,library,access,andcenterforinternationaleducationandresearch.

title:	Toba National College of Maritime Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toba-cmt.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinTobaCity.Withguidetohistory,organization,facilities,departments,andlocationinformation.EventsandnewsinRealPlayerformat.

title:	Miyazaki International College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyazaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mic.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesadmissions,academics,resources,faculties,employmentopportunities,studentguideandMiyazakiinformation.

title:	Miyazaki Prefectural Nursing University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FMiyazaki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mpu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityphilosophy,curriculum,facilities,lectures,calendar,campuslife,admissions,environment,andinformationaboutMiyazaki.

title:	Bukkyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bukkyo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	BuddhistuniversityinKyoto,withschoolhistory,profile,locationinformation,campuslife,educationalstructure,affiliatedinstitutions,andinternationalexchangeactivities.

title:	Hanazono University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hanazono.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Guidetouniversitycurriculum,entranceexaminationsforinternationalstudents,qualifications,schoolfees,campuslife,andzenmeditationretreats.

title:	Kyoto City University of Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kcua.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversitynewsandevents,instructors,andinformationonconceptualandmediaart.

title:	Kyoto Computer Gakuin 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kcg.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthenon-degreeandpostgraduatecoursesandinternationalcomputereducationprogramsindevelopingcountries.

title:	Kyoto Gakuen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyotogakuen.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Undergraduatefaculties,graduateschool,andguideonadmissionofforeignstudents.

title:	Kyoto Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kit.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesoverview,admissions,academicsandresearch,anddepartmentsofengineering,electronics,chemistry,architectureanddesign,appliedbiology,polymerscience,designengineering,andfibro-science.

title:	Kyoto Pharmaceutical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-phu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsinformationonhistory,emblem,introductionoflaboratories,andaccessmap.

title:	Kyoto Saga University of Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-saga.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesthefaculties,departmentsandcoursesandtheinformationofinternationalstudentadmissions.

title:	Kyoto Sangyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-su.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesschoolandadmissionsguide,administration,campuslife,facilitiesandmap,historyandstatistics.

title:	Kyoto Seika University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-seika.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityoverview,faculties,history,location,courses,calendar,enrollment,visa,andaccommodations.

title:	Kyoto University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfacultiesandgraduateschools,researchinstitutesandcenters.

title:	Kyoto University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyokyo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersinformationforforeignapplicantsaboutcoursesandfacilities.

title:	Kyoto University of Foreign Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kufs.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Givesoverviewtouniversity,faculty,graduatedepartmentandjuniorcollege,Japanesestudies,facilities,andguidetolivinginKyoto.

title:	Kyoto Women's University and Kyoto Women's Junior College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyoto-wu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withjuniorcollege,undergraduate,andgraduatecoursesinliterature,homeeconomics,contemporarysociety,pedology,andnutrition,andappareldesign.

title:	Maizuru National College of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maizuru-ct.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesmissionandhistory,educationalgoals,departments,educationalprograms,facilities.campuslife,financialmatters,admissions,andguideforoverseasstudents.

title:	Meiji University of Integrative Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meiji-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includestheundergraduate/postgraduateschoolsofAcupunctureandMoxibustionandresearchcenters.LocatedinHiyoshi-cho.

title:	Otani University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.otani.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesintroduction,newsandevents,departments,campusmap,graduateschool,calendar,library,researchinstitutes,andacademicsocieties.

title:	Ritsumeikan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ritsumei.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Aboutthecollege,guideforstudents,facultiesandgraduateschools,financialassistance,accessguide,andJapaneselanguageprograms.

title:	Ryukoku University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKyoto&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ryukoku.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesintroduction,organization,researchinstitutes,curriculum,campuslifeandmapforits3campuses.

title:	Kochi National College of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKochi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kochi-ct.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withdepartmentsofgeneraleducation,mechanical,electrical,andcivilengineering,materialsscienceandengineering,industrialchemistry,andlinks.

title:	Kochi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKochi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kochi-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Introductiontofacultiesandgraduateschools,campusinformation,andinternationalcooperation.

title:	Kochi University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKochi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kochi-tech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	PageforInternationalRelationsOfficewithguidetograduateschoolofengineering,specialscholarshipprograms,internationalexchanges,andexamplesofresearchprojects.

title:	University of Kochi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKochi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-kochi.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Facultiesofhumanlifeandenvironmentalscience,culturalstudies,nursing,andsocialwelfare.Student'slifeandinternationalexchange.

title:	Azabu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKanagawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.azabu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	VeterinaryuniversityinKanagawa.Offersuniversityoverview,history,graduateschools,library,andaccessmap.

title:	College of Business and Communication 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKanagawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbcjpn.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	LocatedinKawasakiCity.WithcoursesinJapaneselanguage,internationalbusiness,andcomputers.Givestuitionandfees,qualifications,admissions,examinations,anddormitoryguide.

title:	Ferris University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKanagawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ferris.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,faculties,licensesandqualifications,andaccessmap.

title:	The Graduate University for Advanced Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKanagawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soken.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Researchandeducation,qualificationsformatriculation,graduationrequirements,Doctoraldegrees,schoolsanddepartments.

title:	Ibaraki Prefectural University of Health Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIbaraki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Undergradurateandgraduatecoursesofferedinnursing,physicaltherapy,occupationaltherapy,andradiologicalsciences.

title:	Ibaraki University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIbaraki&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibaraki.ac.jp%2F
desc:	WithcampusesinMito,Hitachi,andAmi.Includesgeneralinformation,admissions,undergraduateschools,campusaccess,researchcenters,andlibrary.

title:	Ichinoseki National College of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIwate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ichinoseki.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withdepartmentsofmechanicalengineering,electricalandcomputerengineering,intelligentsystemsengineering,chemicalengineering,andgeneraleducation.Givespresident'smessage,collegemottos,andadmissionpolicies.LocatedinIchinosekiCity.

title:	Iwate Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIwate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwate-pu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsfacultiesofnursing,socialwelfare,softwareandinformationscience,policystudies.Withorganizationalchart,campusguide,andinformationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Iwate University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIwate&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwate-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetofaculties,applications,centersoncooperativeresearch,instrumentalanalysis,andsupercomputing,library,andinternationalcenterforforeignstudents.

title:	Himeji Dokkyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHyogo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.himeji-du.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withrequirementsandinformationforforeignapplicants.

title:	Hyogo University of Teacher Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHyogo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyogo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Teachertraininguniversity,withoutline,facilities,informationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Kwansei Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHyogo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kwansei.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesschooloutline,history,curriculum,extra-curricularactivities,internationalprogramsdepartment,library,labs,andresearchcenters.

title:	Mukogawa Women's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHyogo&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mukogawa-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,overseasaffiliateduniversitiesandstudytours,academics,news,researchinstitutes,library,andcampusguide.

title:	The International University of Kagoshima 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKagoshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iuk.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Giveshistory,organization,campusmap,andfacilities.LocatedinKagoshimaCity.

title:	Kagoshima Immaculate Heart College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKagoshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k-junshin.ac.jp%2Fjuntan%2F
desc:	Comprisedof2departments(scienceofliving,andenglish).Givespresident'smessage,emblem,facilities,andcampuslife.

title:	Kagoshima Prefectural College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKagoshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k-kentan.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,departmentsofliterature,lifeandenvironmentalscience,economicsandbusinessadministration,andcampusmap.

title:	Kagoshima University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKagoshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kagoshima-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersfacultiesinlaw,economics,education,science,medicine,dentistry,engineering,agriculture,fisheries,andgraduateschoolofagriculturalsciences.Alsoguidetoandresearchcenters,library,hospitals,andfacilities.

title:	National Institute of Fitness and Sports 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKagoshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nifs-k.ac.jp%2F
desc:	NationaluniversityforphysicaleducationinKanoya,withschoolhistory,profile,faculty,facilities,jobinformation,andaccessmap.

title:	Fukuyama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fukuyama-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityoutline,academics,facultiesandgraduateschool,libraryandinstitutes,gallery,andcampusinformation.LocatedinFukuyamaCity.

title:	Hiroshima City University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiroshima-cu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	InformationonHCUorganization,Master'scourse,facilities,andfacultiesofart,internationalstudiesandinformationsciences.

title:	Hiroshima Institute of Technology International Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.it-hiroshima.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersprofile,undergraduateandgraduateprograms,andintensiveprogramsinJapaneselanguageandculture.

title:	Hiroshima International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hirokoku-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,facultiesofinfrastructuraltechnologies,humanandsocialenvironment,healthandwelfare,nursing,healthsciences,pharmaceuticalsciences,graduateschool,andinternationalexchanges.

title:	Hiroshima Jogakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hju.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,faculties,licensesandqualifications,internationalexchanges,extracurricularlife,andinformationonplacementaftergraduation.

title:	Hiroshima Shudo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shudo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsofcommercialsciences,humanitiesandhumansciences,law,economicsciences,humanenvironmentalstudies.Withbriefhistory,studentlife,andinformationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Hiroshima University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiroshima-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityoutline,faculties,curriculum,library,campustours,research,campuslife,exchangeprogram,andinternationalstudentdivision.

title:	Hiroshima University of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hue.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityorganization,location,departments,libraryandresearchcenters,andinformationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Japan Coast Guard Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jcga.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonhistory,contentofeducation,organization,onboardtraining,andaftergraduation.

title:	The Japanese Red Cross Hiroshima College of Nursing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jrchcn.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonhistory,educationalphilosophy,undergraduatecurriculum,graduateschool,facilities,internationalactivities,andaccessmap.

title:	Kinki University School of Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hiro.kindai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Undergraduateandgraduateprograms,faculty,accessandcampusmaps.

title:	Prefectural University of Hiroshima 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHiroshima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pu-hiroshima.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Overviewofuniversity,admissionsrequirements,andinformationondepartmentsofInterculturalCommunication,HumanLifeandEnvironmentalSciences.

title:	Ishikawa Prefectural Nursing University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIshikawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ishikawa-nu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesoverview,studentlife,locationandaccess,organization,academiccalendar,map,andaffiliatedfacilities.LocatedinKahoku-gun.

title:	Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Hokuriku 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIshikawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jaist.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withguidetoadmissions,academicsinsciencesandinformationtechnology,facultyprofiles,campuslife,andevents.LocatedinTatsunokuchi.

title:	Kanazawa College of Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIshikawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kanazawa-bidai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculty,researchinstitute,extracurricularactivities,schoolhistoryandlibraryresearch.

title:	Kanazawa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FIshikawa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kanazawa-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withdepartmentsofletters,education,law,economics,science,medicine,pharmaceuticals,andengineering.Alsoguidetograduateschools,researchinstitutes,library,hospital,andQuicktimemovieguides.

title:	Asahikawa Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asahikawa-med.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresguidetocollege,graduateschool,hospital,library,centers,schoolofnursing,internationalexchanges,andcampusmap.

title:	Chitose Institute of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chitose.ac.jp%2F
desc:	PhotonicsScienceuniversityinHokkaido,withschoolhistory,academics,faculty,campusguide,accessandmap.

title:	Dohto University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dohto.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsfacultiesofsocialwelfare,finearts,management.Withresearchinstitute,admissionforinternationalstudents.

title:	Future University Hakodate 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fun.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsdepartmentsofmediaarchitectur,complexsystems,andgraduateschool.Withfacilities,studentlife,andaccess.

title:	Health Sciences University of Hokkaido 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hoku-iryo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Generalinformationonthedivision,schoolsandfaculties,postgraduatestudies,andcollaborationsandresearchwithuniversitiesabroad.

title:	Hokkaido Pharmaceutical University School of Pharmacy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hokuyakudai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetohistory,facultyandgraduateschoolofpharmaceuticalscience,facilities,campuslife,andaccess.

title:	Hokkaido University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hokudai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withgeneralinformation,campusmap,centersandfacilities,universitylibrary,guidetoentranceexaminations,andinformationforoverseasstudents.HascampusesinSapporoandHakodate.

title:	Hokkaido University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hokkyodai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Teachertraininguniversity,informationaboutentranceexam,faculty,guraduateschool,studentlife.

title:	Hokkaido University of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hus.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withhistory,fieldsofstudy,facilities,campusalbum,internationalprograms,andcampusmap.

title:	Hokusei Gakuen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hokusei.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includeshistory,organization,departmentsofeconomics,management,psychology,sociology,Asianstudies,English,graduateschools,andcampusmap.

title:	Kitami Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kitami-it.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Faculties,departmentsandchairs;graduateschoolofengineeringcourses;internationalexchange.

title:	Kushiro National College of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kushiro-ct.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsguidetodepartments,educationalaimsandlearninggoals,admissionpolicies,andlinks.

title:	Muroran Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muroran-it.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetocampus,administration,accessandcampusmaps,educationandresearch,internationalaffairs.Coursesincludecomputerscience,civilengineering,appliedchemistry,mechanicalsystems,electricalengineering,andmaterialsscience.

title:	Obihiro University of Agriculture and Veterinary Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.obihiro.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityprofile,facilities,campusmapandlocation,departments,undergraduatecenter,researchcenter,andinternationalexchanges.

title:	Otaru University of Commerce 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.otaru-uc.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresdepartmentsandfacilities,admissions,schoolrules,alumniassociation,andinternationalexchangeinformation.LocatedinOtaruCity,Hokkaido.

title:	Sapporo Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sgu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Facultiesincludecommerce,economics,humanities,law,socialinformation.Withhistory,campusmap,andinternationalexchange.

title:	Wakkanai Hokusei Gakuen College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FHokkaido&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wakhok.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withafacultyofintegratedmedia,offersthreecoursesofstudy-mediaandsoftware,mediaandart,andmediaandsociety.Withguideforforeignstudentadmissions.

title:	Gunma Prefectural Women's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGunma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gpwu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesfoundationoftheuniversity,history,facilitiesandgraduateschools,andforeignlanguageresearchinstitute.

title:	Gunma University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGunma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gunma-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinMaebashiCity.Withfacultyofeducation,socialandinformationstudies,medicine,engineering,universitylibrary,andInstituteforMolecularandCellularRegulation.

title:	Ikuei Junior college 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGunma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ikuei-g.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Comprisedof2departments(earlychildhoodcareandeducation,moderncommunication),faculties,andcampusaccess.

title:	Maebashi Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGunma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maebashi-it.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Overview,programsofdepartment,andcampusinformation.

title:	Takasaki City University of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGunma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tcue.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesoutline,faculty,departments,campusinformationandschedule,guideforforeignstudents,access,regionalpolicyresearchcenter,andattachedlibrary.

title:	Gifu College of Nursing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGifu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gifu-cn.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationongraduateandundergraduateprograms,admissions,andaccessmap.LocatedinHashima-shi.

title:	Gifu Pharmaceutical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGifu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gifu-pu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesguidetohistory,facultyandgraduateschoolofpharmaceuticalscience,andforeignstudentaffairs.LocatedinMitahora,GifuCity.

title:	Gifu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGifu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gifu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Generalinformationaboutentranceprocedures,facultyandstudentexchanges,graduateschools,library,facilities,andcampuslife.

title:	International Academy of Media Arts and Sciences (IAMAS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FGifu&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iamas.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinOgakiCity.Aimstoproducemediaspecialistsabletotakeadvantageofthetechnologicaldevelopmentsofthemultimediaera.

title:	Daiichi University of Pharmacy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.daiichi-cps.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsinformationonhistory,educationandresearch,facilities,campuslife,andaccessmap.

title:	Fukuoka Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fit.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listshistory,undergraduatecourses,graduateschools,facilities,andaccessmap.LocatedinFukuokaCity.

title:	Fukuoka University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fukuoka-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityhistoryandorganization,academiccalendar,undergraduateandgraduateschools,extracurricularactivities,internationalprograms,libraries,facilitiesandinstitutes,universityhospitals,andcampusmap.InJonan-ku,FukuokaCity

title:	Fukuoka University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fukuoka-edu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withoverview,admissions,events,campuslife,schoolconsultaton,library,andalumniinformation.

title:	Kyushu Dental College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyu-dent.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinKitakyushuCity.Withinformationonfacultyofdentistryandgraduatecourses,history,andlocation.

title:	Kyushu Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyutech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsinformationonfacultiesofengineering,computerscienceandsystemsengineering,campus,andadmissions.LocatedinKitakyushu,Fukuoka.

title:	Kyushu Sangyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ip.kyusan-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	GeneralInformationontheKSUschoolsofeconomics,commerce,engineering,andfinearts.LocatedinFukuokaCity.

title:	Kyushu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukuoka&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kyushu-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withguidetoorganization,faculties,departmentsandunits.LocatedinHakozaki,FukuokaCity.

title:	Fukui Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukui&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fpu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsuniversityeducationprincipals,history,departmentsandgraduateschoolsineconomics,biotechnology,nursing,socialwelfare,business,andbioscience.Givesstatistics,facilities,andcampusmap.

title:	University of Fukui 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukui&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-fukui.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Givesoverview,departmentsandgraduateschools,campusinformation,overseasexchanges,andaccess.

title:	Fukushima Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukushima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fmu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersfacultiesinmedicineandnursing.Withintroduction,history,andhospital.LocatedinFukushimaCity.

title:	Fukushima University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukushima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fukushima-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresfacultiesandgraduateschoolsineducation,administration,publicpolicy,andeconomics.Includesguidetoadmissionsandinformationprosessingcenter.LocatedinFukushimaCity.

title:	Iwaki Meisei University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukushima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwakimu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Featuresacademicoutline,undergraduateandgraduateprograms,facilities,laboratories,andaccessmap.

title:	University of Aizu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FFukushima&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-aizu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withintroductionandguidetoadmissions,curriculum,campuslife,careerpaths,events,faculty,research,anduseoffacilities.

title:	Ehime University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FEhime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ehime-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Outline,curriculum,guideforforeignstudentsandresearchers,facilities,campusmap,andregion.

title:	Matsuyama University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FEhime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.matsuyama-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculties,internationalprograms,campuscalendar,andlocation.

title:	St.Catherine University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FEhime&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.catherine.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesmissionandmotto,overview,faculties.LocatedinMatsuyamaCity.

title:	Aomori University of Health and Welfare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAomori&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auhw.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationondepartmentsofnursing,physicaltherapy,andsocialwelfare.LocatedinAomoriCity.

title:	Hachinohe Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAomori&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hi-tech.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withschoolhistory,departments,graduateschool,studentservicesandfacilities,laboratories,andcampusmap.LocatedinHirosakiCity,Aomori.

title:	Hirosaki University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAomori&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hirosaki-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonuniversitydepartments,news,campuslife,admissions,internationalexchanges,events,access,andphotos.LocatedinHirosakiCity.

title:	Kagawa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FKagawa%2FKagawa_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kagawa-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationabouthistory,organizations,facultiesandgraduateschools,andinternationalstudentcenter.

title:	Akita International University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAkita&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aiu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesintroduction,academics,admissions,researchcenters,library,campuslifeandguide.LocatedinAkitaCity.

title:	Akita Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAkita&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akita-pu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	ComprisedoftwocampusesinAkitaandHonjo,withresearchandeducationcenters,instituteofwoodtechnology,graducateschool,campusmap,andaccessinformation.

title:	Akita University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAkita&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.akita-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	WithTegatacampus(CollegeofEducation,MiningCollege),andHondocampus(SchoolofMedicine,UniversityHospital,CollegeofAlliedMedicalSciences)inAkitaCity.

title:	Aichi Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Offersschoolsinsciences,culture,law,management,andcommerce,aswellasguidetoorganizationandentrancepreparation.

title:	Aichi Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ait.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinToyoyaCity.Withschoolsofengineering,chemistry,architecture,andelectronics,aswellasmanagementandmarketingofinformationsystems.

title:	Aichi Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aichi-med-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withinformationonuniversityhistory,campusmap,andaccess,andwithhospital,schoolsofmedicineandnursing.LocatedinNagakuteTown.

title:	Aichi Prefectural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aichi-pu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withuniversityguide,history,facultiesofletters,foreignstudies,informationscienceandtechnology,culturalstudies,facilities,andcampusaccess.

title:	Aichi Shukutoku University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aasa.ac.jp%2F
desc:	With3campusesinAichi.Listsschoolhistory,locationandenvironment,organization,facilities,plusdepartmentsoflanguageandliterature,libraryscience,society,communications,andculture.

title:	Aichi University of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aichi-edu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Teachertraininguniversity,withschoolhistory,organization,facilities,informationforinternationalstudents,andaccess.

title:	Chukyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chukyo-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withguidetoadmissions,campustour,undergraduateandgraduateschools,internationalstudentexchange,plusNagoyaandToyotacampusinformation.

title:	Nihon  Fukushi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.n-fukushi.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Withhistory,facultiesofsocialwelfare,economics,andsocialandinformationsciences,NFUgraduateschools,educationalgroups,andresearchcenters,andinformationforinternationalstudents.LocatedontwocampusesinAichiPrefecture.

title:	Toyohashi University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FAichi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tut.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Includesuniversityorganization,admissions,statistics,exchangeprograms,financialaid,andschoolcalendar.

title:	Timiryazev Agricultural Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FTimiryazev_Agricultural_Academy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.timacad.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteofTimiryazevAgriculturalAcademy,Moscow,Russia,includesgeneralinformation,organizingstructure,scientificactivity(EnglishandRussianversions).

title:	Chiba Institute of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cis.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfacultiesandgraduateschools,researchinstitutes,andguideonadmissionofforeignstudents.

title:	Chiba Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.it-chiba.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculties,facilities,campuscalendar,internationalexchanges,supportassociation,andaccessmap.LocatedinNarashinoCity.

title:	Chiba University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chiba-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationaboutfacultiesandgraduateschools,researchinstitutesandcenters,includingadmissioninformationforoverseasstudents.

title:	Chuo Gakuin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cgu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	LocatedinAbikoCity.Listseducationalphilosophy,undergraduateprogram,andhistory.

title:	Edogawa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edogawa-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Consistsofuniversityandjuniorcollege,withdepartmentsofsociologyandhumanstudies,masscommunications,environmentalinformation,andbusinessdesign.LocatedinChiba.

title:	Kameda College of Health Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kameda.ac.jp%2F
desc:	WithCollegephilosophy,curriculum,facilities,lectures,admissions,andenvironment.

title:	Kanda University of International Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kandagaigo.ac.jp%2Fkuis%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonacademics,library,links,andaccessguide.LocatedinChibaCity.

title:	Keiai University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.u-keiai.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Listsprincipleoftheschool'sfoundation,organization,faculties,andaccess.LocatedinChibaCity.

title:	Kisarazu National College of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kisarazu.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsguidetoschool,faculties,departments,graduateschool,centers,courses,library,studentlife,andinformationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Reitaku University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reitaku-u.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Containsguidetoschool,departments,graduateschool,library,campuslife,andinformationforinternationalstudents.

title:	Saniku Gakuin College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saniku.ac.jp%2F
desc:	PrivatecollegeinChibaofferingdegreesinEnglishcommunication,nursing,education,andtheology.

title:	Tokyo Christian University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tci.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Composedofuniversity,TokyoChristianTheologicalSeminaryandKyoritsuChristianInstituteforTheologicalStudiesandMission.Withhistory,FAQ,location,academics,andexchangestudents.LocatedinInzaiCity,Chiba.

title:	Tokyo University of Information Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tuis.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculties,internationalprograms,research,admissions,studentlife,accessandcampusmaps.

title:	Wayo Women's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FJapan%2FChiba&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wayo.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Informationonschoolhistory,academics,studentlifeandadmissions.

title:	South Ural State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSouthern_Ural_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.susu.ac.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheuniversitylocatedinChelyabinskCitywithgeneralinformationaboutdepartmentstructure,location,andadmissionrequirements.

title:	St. Andrew's Biblical Theological College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSt._Andrew%27s_Biblical_Theological_College&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.standrews.ru%2F
desc:	LocatedinMoscow;officialsiteisinRussianandEnglish.

title:	Siberian State Technological University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSiberian_State_Technological_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sibstu.kts.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsite(RussianandEnglishversions).

title:	Samara State Aerospace University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSamara_State_Aerospace_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssau.ru%2F
desc:	Highereducationforaerospaceandradio-electronicsindustries.Establishedin1942astheKuibyshevAviationInstitute,in1992hadbeentransformedtoSamaraStateAerospaceUniversity.

title:	Saint-Petersburg School of Religion and Philosophy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint-Petersburg_School_of_Religion_and_Philosophy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srph.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithgeneralinformationincludeeducationalprograms,organizationstructure,andreligiouslibrary.

title:	East Siberia State University of Technology and Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FThe_East-Siberian_State_University_of_Technology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esstu.ru%2F
desc:	TheuniversityislocatedinUlan-Ude,RepublicofBuryatia,Russia(RussianandEnglishversions).

title:	Saint-Petersburg State University of Information Technologies, Mechanics and Optics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint-Petersburg_State_University_of_Information_Technologies%2C_Mechanics_and_Optics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ifmo.ru%2Feng%2F
desc:	Officialpagewithinformationondepartments,scientificactivity,internationalcontactsandadmission.

title:	Saint Petersburg Electrotechnical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_Electrotechnical_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Feltech.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithinformationaboutstructure,admissionandresearch.

title:	Pirogov Russian National Research Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FRussian_State_Medical_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Frsmu.ru%2F
desc:	Foundedin1906withmedical,pediatric,andbio-medicalfaculties.

title:	Russian State University for the Humanities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FRussian_State_University_for_the_Humanities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rggu.com%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithgeneralinformation.

title:	Saint Petersburg State Theatre Arts Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_State_Theatre_Arts_Academy&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftart.spb.ru%2F
desc:	Mainsitewithlotsofdetailinformation(thesitehaspagesinRussianandEnglishlanguage).

title:	St. Petersburg Christian University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_Christian_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spbcu.ru%2F
desc:	OneoftheleadingtheologicalinstitutionsinRussia.Aimstopreparequalifiedevangelicalchurchministers.

title:	Petrozavodsk State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FPetrozavodsk_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petrsu.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteofPetrozavodskStateUniversity,locatedinPetrozavodsk,Karelia(ontheNorth-WestofRussia).

title:	Omsk State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FOmsk_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.univer.omsk.su%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithlotsofinformationontheuniversity,itslocationanddepartments.

title:	Perm State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FPerm_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psu.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithgeneralinformationaboutstructure,administrationandactivities.

title:	Novosibirsk State Technical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_Technical_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nstu.ru%2Fen%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithnews,coursedetails,ahistoryoftheinstitutionandstudentpages.

title:	Laser Technology Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_State_Polytechnical_University%2FResearch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ltc.ru%2F
desc:	Laserequipment,technology,material,technicalsupport,andservice.

title:	Astronomical Institute of Saint Petersburg University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_State_University%2FResearch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astro.spbu.ru%2F
desc:	TheinstituteislocatedinPerodvorets(nearSt.Petersburg).

title:	Applied Mathematics and Control Processes Faculty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_State_University%2FDepartments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apmath.spbu.ru%2F
desc:	Officialpages(EnglishandRussianversions).

title:	Biological and Soil Science Faculty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_State_University%2FDepartments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bio.spbu.ru%2F
desc:	Informationabouteducationalandscientificprogrammesandnewsforfacultyandresearchinstitutes.Includesgraduates'andstudents'pages.

title:	Department of Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_State_University%2FDepartments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchem.spbu.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithinformationondepartmentstructureanditsactivities.

title:	Faculty of Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FSaint_Petersburg_State_University%2FDepartments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phys.spbu.ru%2F
desc:	FacultyofPhysicsofficialsite(RussianandEnglishversions).

title:	North-West State Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNorth-West_State_Medical_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fszgmu.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsiteoftheacademy.
It
was










namedafterI.I.Mechnikov

title:	Moscow Technical University of Communications and Informatics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_Technical_University_of_Communications_and_Informatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtuci.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithinformationonstrusture,activities,locationandeducation.

title:	Nizhni Novgorod State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNizhni_Novgorod_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unn.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsite.LocatedinNizhniNovgorod,Russia.

title:	Institute of Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FRostov_State_University%2FResearch&url=http%3A%2F%2Fip.rsu.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsite.

title:	Moscow State University of Economics, Statistics and Informatics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_State_University_of_Economics%2C_Statistics_and_Informatics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mesi.ru%2F
desc:	Graduatesoccupypositionsineconomy,businessandgovernmentsectorsandinternationalorganizations.

title:	Moscow State Engineering Physics Institute (Technical University) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_State_Engineering_Physics_Institute_-_Technical_University&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmephi.ru%2F
desc:	Informationaboutdepartments,admissionandstudyintheuniversityinEnglishandRussian.

title:	The Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO-University) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_State_Institute_of_International_Relations_-_MGIMO-University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mgimo.ru%2F
desc:	SitewithofficialinformationabouttheuniversityoftheMinistryofForeignAffairsofRussia(EnglishandRussianversions).

title:	Moscow State Forestry University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_State_Forestry_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mgul.ac.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheuniversitylocatedinMytischi,Moscowregion,Russia;siteisinRussianandEnglish.

title:	Moscow State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msu.ru%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	TheoldestRussianuniversity.

title:	International Students Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ied.msu.ru%2F
desc:	Informationforforeignstudentsincludeeducationalsystem,informationforapplicants,listoffaculties.

title:	Faculty of Information Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffit.nsu.ru%2F%3Fpage%3D0%26lang%3Deng
desc:	FacultyofInformationTechnologies.Aboutus.Administration.Chairs/Departments.Courses.Research.Alumni.

title:	Internationally Supported Projects on Human Ethology and Evolutionary Psychology in Novosibirsk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fethology.nsu.ru%2F
desc:	Studentprojects,abstracts,curriculumvitae,photoandappendix.

title:	Japanese Club at Novosibirsk State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsu.ru%2Fcommunity%2Fjapclub%2F
desc:	Non-commercialnon-governmentalorganizationinNovosibirskStateUniversity,Siberia,Russia.MaingoalistobroadenculturalunderstandingandcommunicationsbetweenRussiaandJapanoncommonpeople'slevel.

title:	Laser Systems Laboratory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsu.ru%2Fsrd%2Flls%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	InformationaboutLaserSystemsLaboratoryactivelyandsuccessfullyworksinthefieldofdesigning,investigatingandmanufacturingnewlasersystemsonthebasisofCWtunablelasersforabroadchoiceofapplicationsinphysics,chemistryandmedicine.

title:	Mechanics and Mathematics Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmmfd.nsu.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsiteofthedepartmentwithgeneralinformationonthedepartment'sactivity.

title:	Program 'Investment Decision Making & Project Management' 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsu.ru%2Ffpk%2Fengl%2F
desc:	Theprogramisofferedinco-operationwithInstituteofEconomicDevelopmentoftheWorldBank.

title:	Russian Language School in the Heart of Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fciep.fija.nsu.ru%2F
desc:	RussianlanguageschoolatNovosibirskStateUniversityintheHeartofRussia

title:	Support for Siberian Indigenous Peoples Rights 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsu.ru%2Fip%2Fabout.php%3Flng%3Den
desc:	ThisProposalintendstocreateatargetededucationalspaceforextendingthesocialpossibilitiesofyoungrepresentativesofindigenouspeoplesofSiberia.

title:	Virtual Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FNovosibirsk_State_University%2FDepartments_and_Programs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsu.ru%2Feducation%2Fvirtual%2Findex_e.htm
desc:	Assistanceinresearchandteachingmethodologyforyounguniversitylecturersprovidedbyprofessors,authoritativeintheirrespectivefields.Thisassistancecoveredthedevelopmentofnewcurricula,plansandprogramsinvariousfieldsofcontemporaryknowledgeinthehumanities.

title:	Moscow State Aviation Institute (University of Aerospace Technology) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_State_Aviation_Institute_-_University_of_Aerospace_Technology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fintstudy.mai.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithgeneralinformationaboutstructure,historyandadmission.

title:	Moscow State Automobile & Road Technical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_State_Automobile_and_Road_Technical_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madi.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteinRussianandEnglishcontainsgeneralinformationsuchasstructure,scientificwork,educationandinformationforapplicants.

title:	Moscow Institute of Foreign Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_Institute_of_Foreign_Languages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gaudeamus.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsiteofthenon-governmenteducationalinstitute(siteisinEnglish,RussianandFrench).

title:	Moscow State Pedagogical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_Pedagogical_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mpgu.edu%2F
desc:	Providesoverview,history,andgeneralinformation,plusguidetofacultiesandacademiccalendar.

title:	Khabarovsk State University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FKhabarovsk_State_University_of_Technology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.khstu.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheinstitutelocatedinKhabarovsk,EasternpartofRussia.

title:	Kemerovo State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FKemerovo_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kemsu.ru%2F
desc:	Alargeeducational,scientificandculturalcenter.

title:	Mendeleyev University of Chemical Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMendeleyev_University_of_Chemical_Technology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muctr.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialpagesaboutMendeleyevUniversityofChemicalTechnologylocatedinMoscow,Russia.

title:	Kazan State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FKazan_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kcn.ru%2Ftat_en%2Funiversity%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithgeneralinformation.

title:	Modern University for the Humanities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FModern_University_for_the_Humanities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muh.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheuniversitywhichislocatedinMoscow,Russiawithinformationonadmission,activities,historyandstructureoftheuniversitywithcontactinformation(English,Russian,SpanishandChineseversions).

title:	The Center for Arms Control, Energy and Environmental Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FMoscow_Institute_of_Physics_and_Technology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.armscontrol.ru%2F
desc:	Non-governmentalorganizationwhichstudiesproblemsofnuclearweaponsreduction.

title:	Ivanovo State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FIvanovo_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fivanovo.ac.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteofIvanovoStateUniversity,locatedinIvanovo,Russia.

title:	Independent University of Moscow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FIndependent_University_of_Moscow&url=http%3A%2F%2Fium.mccme.ru%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Foundedin1991ontheinitiativeofagroupofwell-knownRussianmathematicians.

title:	Irkutsk State Technical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FIrkutsk_State_Technical_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.istu.edu%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheuniversitylocatedinIrkutsk(EasternSiberia),Russia.

title:	Jewish University in Moscow 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FJewish_University_in_Moscow&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jum.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteofthehumanitiesandsocialsciencesschoolinMoscow,withanemphasisonJewishstudies.Includesdetailsofcourses,departments,administration,andresearch.

title:	I.M. Sechenov Moscow Medical Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FI.M._Sechenov_Moscow_Medical_Academy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mma.ru%2F
desc:	EducationalmedicalacademyinMoscow.

title:	International Banking Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FInternational_Banking_Institute&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibi.spb.ru%2F
desc:	Anon-stateuniversityofficialsitewithinformationabouteducationalprogramsandadministrativestructure.

title:	Herzen State Pedagogical University of Russia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FHerzen_State_Pedagogical_University_of_Russia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.herzen.spb.ru%2F
desc:	Focusesonpsychologyandpedagogy,humanities,naturalscienceresearchandexactsciences.

title:	Finance Academy under the Government of the Russian Federation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FFinance_Academy_under_the_Government_of_the_Russian_Federation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fa.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteoftheacademylocadedinMoscowincludesadmissioninformation,historyoftheacademy,scientificactivitiesandstructure.

title:	European University at St. Petersburg 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FEuropean_University_at_Saint_Petersburg&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eu.spb.ru%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithhistoricaloverviewoftheuniversity,informationaboutcoursesandeducationalprograms.

title:	Bashkir State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FBashkir_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bashedu.ru%2F
desc:	InformationabouttherepublicandeducationalorganizationsofBashkortostan.

title:	Far Eastern National University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FFar_Eastern_National_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dvfu.ru%2F
desc:	Detailsofthecoursesanddepartments,andnews.

title:	Bauman Moscow State Technical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FBauman_Moscow_State_Technical_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bmstu.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsitewithgeneralinformationabouttheuniversitylocatedinMoscow,Russia.

title:	Altai State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FAltai_State_University&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asu.ru%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteofAltaiStateUniversity.

title:	The Academy of Public Administration 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dia.edu.az%2F
desc:	Specializesinprogramsforpublicadministration.

title:	Azerbaijan Cooperation University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Faku.edu.az%2F
desc:	Abouttheundergraduate,graduateprogramsandfaculties.

title:	Azerbaijan Diplomatic Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ada.edu.az%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheacademy.

title:	Azerbaijan State Agricultural University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adau.edu.az%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheuniversityandprogramsoffered.

title:	Azerbaijan State Economic University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aseu.az%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheuniversity,businessprogramsanditshistory.InformationisavailableinAzerbaijani,EnglishandRussianlanguages.

title:	Azerbaijan State Marine Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadda.edu.az%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheacademy.

title:	Azerbaijan State Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amu.edu.az%2F
desc:	InformationaboutBakucampusandprogramsoffered.

title:	Azerbaijan State University of Culture and Art 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.admiu.edu.az%2F
desc:	Informationabouttheuniversity.

title:	Azerbaijan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.au.edu.az%2F
desc:	Abouttheprivateuniversity,programsofferedandstudentalumni.

title:	Azerbaijan University of Architecture and Construction 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.azmiu.edu.az%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduatedegreesincivilengineering,architectureandrelatedprograms.

title:	Azerbaijan University of Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadu.edu.az%2F
desc:	Aboutundergraduateandpostgraduatedegrees,faculties,andprogramsoffered.

title:	Baku Business University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbbu.edu.az%2F
desc:	Aboutthecampusandbusinessprogramsoffered.

title:	Baku State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbsu.edu.az%2F
desc:	Aboutadmissions,programs,internationalrelationsandfacultyoftheuniversity.

title:	The Geology Institute of the Azerbaijan Academy of Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gia.az%2F
desc:	Instituteoverview,productionand"whoiswho"section.

title:	Institute of Information Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ict.az%2F
desc:	AboutanacademicorganizationbasedinBaku,itsstructure,currentresearchandtrainingprovided.

title:	Khazar University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.khazar.org%2F
desc:	OfficialwebsiteoftheprivateKhazarUniversityprovidesinformationabouttheUniversity,itsdepartmentsandactivities.

title:	Lankaran State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lsu.edu.az%2F
desc:	AboutthefacultiesandprogramofferedandLankarancampus.

title:	Nakhchivan State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ndu.edu.az%2F
desc:	Aboutuniversity,itsfaculties,publicationsandresearch,museums,students,accommodation,internationalrelationsandstrategy.

title:	Odlar Yurdu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oyu.edu.az%2F
desc:	InformationabouttheprivateBaku-baseduniversity.

title:	Police Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pa.edu.az%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthetraining,structureandadmissionstotheInternalAffairsacademy.

title:	Western University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAzerbaijan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwu.edu.az%2F
desc:	Private,non-profitofficiallyrecognizededucationalinstitutioninBaku.

title:	Academy of State Fire Service (of Russian Ministry of Interior) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FRussia%2FAcademy_of_State_Fire_Service&url=http%3A%2F%2Fipb.mos.ru%2F
desc:	Providesoverviewandhistory,plusguidetoschoolstructure,administration,andconferences.LocatedinMoscow.

title:	Chulalongkon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FNursing%2FEducation%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nurs.chula.ac.th%2F
desc:	FacultyofNursing.Graduatedegreesinnursingadministrationandnursingeducation.Missionstatement,descriptionofprograms,andcontactinformation.Bangkok,Thailand.

title:	Ahsanullah University of Science & Technology (AUST) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aust.edu%2F
desc:	Lists,departments,facultiesandstaff,admissionsinformation,andphotogallery.

title:	Bangladesh Agricultural University (BAU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bau.edu.bd%2F
desc:	OfficialsiteofBAUwithguidetoadmissions,departments,academics,studentfacilities,andlibrary.

title:	Bangladesh Open University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bou.edu.bd%2F
desc:	Institutionfordistanceeducationprovidingprofile,schools,courses,services,andmanagement.

title:	Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buet.ac.bd%2F
desc:	Undergraduateandpostgradutestudiesinengineering,architecture,planning,andscience.

title:	Edu Icon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eduicon.com%2F
desc:	Providesdetailsofscholarships,admissionrequirements,andvisainformationforBangladeshiandforeignuniversitiesandinstitutes.

title:	The Institute of Comparative World-Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Ftx6%2Ficws%2F
desc:	Aninstituteofhigherlearning,researchandteachinginthefieldsofIslamicpoliticaleconomy,globalizationandworld-systemstudies.AffiliatedwithSouthernUniversityBangladesh,Chittagong.

title:	Institute of Statistical Research and Training (ISRT). 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isrt.ac.bd%2F
desc:	Provides4-yearB.Sc.(hons)and1yearM.Sc.inappliedstatisticsundertheUniversityofDhaka.Withguidetoacademics,admissions,andcampuslife.

title:	International Islamic University Chittagong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiuc.ac.bd%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonclasses,faculty,anddegreesoffered.

title:	Islamic University of Technology (IUT) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iutoic-dhaka.edu%2F
desc:	TheonlyinternationaluniversityinBangladesh.TheuniversityisasubsidiaryorganoftheOrganisationofIslamicConference(OIC),representing57Islamiccountries.

title:	National University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nu.edu.bd%2F
desc:	Provideshistoryofinstitutionaswellasinformationondegreeprograms.

title:	North South University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northsouth.edu%2F
desc:	AsanofficialwebsiteofthefirstprivateuniversityofBangladesh,itprovidesadmissionandfacultyinfooftheuniversity.Italsopublishestheadmissionnotices.Studentsofthisuniversitycangetclassscheduleandtestresultsfromthesite.

title:	Rajshahi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ru.ac.bd%2F
desc:	ThisistheofficialwebsiteofRajshahiUniversity.Listofdepartment,facultymembers,admissioninfoisavailableonthissite.

title:	University Grants Commission of Bangladesh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ugc.gov.bd%2F
desc:	Listfactsanddetailsaboutinstitutionsofhighereducationinthecountry.

title:	The University of Asia Pacific 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuap-bd.edu%2F
desc:	Privateuniversitywithprogramsincomputerscienceandengineering,civilandenvironmentalscience,pharmacy,architecture,andbusinessadministration.

title:	University of Dhaka 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBangladesh&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.univdhaka.edu%2F
desc:	Officialsitewithguidetodepartments,academics,admissions,studentfacilities,news,andlibrary.

title:	Keio University Department of Philosophy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphil.flet.keio.ac.jp%2F
desc:	FacultyprofilesandinformationonthevariousphilosophylaboratoriesoperatedatthisJapaneseinstitution.

title:	Royal University of  Bhutan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FBhutan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rub.edu.bt%2F
desc:	Instituteofferingundergraduateanddiplomacoursesinengineering.

title:	The Chinese University of Hong Kong  Department of Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arch.cuhk.edu.hk%2F
desc:	Theschool'saims,programmes,archivesofstudentwork,staffinformation,researchprojects,specialeventsandonlinelibraryresources.

title:	Faculty of Built Environment, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffab.utm.my%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandpostgraduateprogrammesinarchitecture,construction,andplanning.SitecontainsinformationinEnglishandBahasaMelayu.

title:	Kasetsart University - Department of Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arch.ku.ac.th%2F
desc:	Providesinformationabouttheschool,itsprograms,news,staff,andstudents.(EnglishandThai).

title:	Kyoto University Department of Architecture and Architectural Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ar.t.kyoto-u.ac.jp%2Fen%2Findex.html%3Fset_language%3Den
desc:	Withinformationaboutthedepartment'soutline,course,laboratory,staff,mapandlink.

title:	Lebanese American University - School of Engineering and Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsea.lau.edu.lb%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduatecoursesinarchitecture,interiorarchitectureandinteriordesign.

title:	National Cheng Kung University Department of Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arch.ncku.edu.tw%2F
desc:	Givesinformationaboutthecoursesoffered,abriefhistoryoftheschool,departmentresourcesandlinkstothedepartmentsspecialstudiesandinterests.Taiwan.

title:	University of Hong Kong Department of Architecture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffac.arch.hku.hk%2F
desc:	Adetailedsitewithinformationaboutthedepartment'sstaff,events,courses,degrees,researchprojectsandfacilities.

title:	University of Tokyo Department of Urban Engineering Urban Design Laboratory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation%2FAcademic_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fud.t.u-tokyo.ac.jp%2F
desc:	Aimingtoproposebetterwaystodesignurbanspaces.Studiesoncityrenewals,designcontrolsandcreationofsceniccityviews.

title:	Wikipedia - Kabul University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FAfghanistan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FKabul_University
desc:	HyperlinkedencyclopediaarticleaboutAfghanistan'snationaluniversity.

title:	Arch Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archedu.org%2F
desc:	Offeringcoursesforfashion,jewelleryandinteriordesign.Detailsonadmission.

title:	ChuGye University for the Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chugye.ac.kr%2Feng_site%2Findex_nui.html
desc:	IncludesCollegeofMusic,CollegeofFineArtsandCollegeofLiterature.AlsooffersaGraduateSchoolofArtsManagement.SouthKorea.

title:	Himachal Pradesh University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhpuniv.nic.in%2Fvisual.htm
desc:	Courseoutlineformastersprogrammesinmusic,performingartsandvisualarts.LocatedinIndia.

title:	Kurashiki University of Science and the Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kusa.ac.jp%2Farts%2F
desc:	Fineandappliedartsofferings.LocatedinJapan.

title:	Kyoto City University of Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kcua.ac.jp%2Fen%2F
desc:	Finearts,design,craftsandmusicprogramsoffered.Japan.

title:	Kyushu Sangyo University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ip.kyusan-u.ac.jp%2FE%2Ffaculty%2Ffine_arts%2Findex.html
desc:	Providingcoursesinfineart,photographyanddesign.LocatedinFukuokaCity,Japan.

title:	Lasalle-Sia College of the Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lasalle.edu.sg%2F
desc:	South-eastAsia'sforemostartinstituteofferingdiplomaanddegreecoursesinDesign,FineArt,Multimedia,Dance,DramaandMusic.

title:	Panjab University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffinearts.puchd.ac.in%2F
desc:	Coursesinfinearts,musicandIndiantheatre.LocatedinChandigarh,India.

title:	Tokyo National University of Fine Arts & Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.geidai.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Undergradurateandgraduatecoursesofferedinvisualarts,design,music,architecture,arthistoryandphotography.

title:	University of Peshawar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upesh.edu.pk%2Facademics%2Ffaculties%2Fdepartments%2F%3Fq%3D11%26sid%3D22
desc:	BFAandMFAprogramsoffered.LocatedinPakistan.

title:	Visva-Bharati 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visva-bharati.ac.in%2F
desc:	Coursesofferedinfinearts,music,dance,dramaandthehumanities.WestBengal,India.

title:	Camber College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FFreizeit%2FReisen%2FNach_Aktivit%C3%A4ten%2FSprachreisen%2FEnglisch%2FKanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cambercollege.com%2F
desc:	KurzvorstellungmitInfoszuPreise,DatenundAusflugszielen.

title:	American University of Armenia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FArmenia&url=http%3A%2F%2Faua.am%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonadmissions,academicprograms,libraries,staffandadministration.

title:	Yerevan Physics Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FArmenia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yerphi.am%2F
desc:	Includesinformationondivisions,groups,activities,conferencesandpublicationsaswellaspartnersandnews.

title:	Yerevan State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FArmenia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ysu.am%2F
desc:	Includesinformationaboutthescientificandnonscientificdepartmentsandtheiractivities,theeducationalsystem,thealumniassociation,thelibrary,announcements,history,studentlife,sportsandservices.

title:	Chung Shan Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FHealth%2FMedical_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenglish.csmu.edu.tw%2F
desc:	Abouttheschool,affiliatedhospitals,administration,andcampusinformation.

title:	Kaohsiung Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FAsia%2FTaiwan%2FHealth%2FMedical_Schools&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenglish2.kmu.edu.tw%2Ffront%2Fbin%2Fhome.phtml
desc:	Informationaboutthemedicaluniversity,administration,courses,andfacilities.

title:	Westerdals Reklameskole 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FN%C3%A6ringsliv%2FMarkedsf%C3%B8ring%2FUtdanning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westerdals.no%2F
desc:	UtdannerkreativeADerogtekstforfattere.

title:	Aga Khan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aku.edu%2F
desc:	OffersMBBS,mastersandPh.DinHealthSciences.

title:	Ayub Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ayubmed.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonacademics,admissions,administration,andactivities.LocatedinAbbottabad.

title:	Baqai Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbaqai.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Informationaboutschoolhistory,mission,institutions,faculty,admissionsandjobs.

title:	The College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpsp.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Offersdegreesinmedicine,pharmacology,anatomyandpathology.Withdepartments,publications,trainingprograms,newsandlinks.

title:	King Edward Medical University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kemu.edu.pk%2F
desc:	LocatedinLahore,offersdegreecoursesinmedicalandhealthsciences.

title:	Lahore Medical and Dental College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lmdc.edu.pk%2F
desc:	OffersMBBSandBDStomedicalstudents.

title:	Liaquat University of Medical & Health Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lumhs.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Pakistanpublicsectormedicaluniversityofferingmedicaleducationatundergraduateandpostgraduatelevels.Italsosponsorsscholasticandresearchactivitiesinthefieldofhealthsciences.

title:	Punjab Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pmc.edu.pk%2F
desc:	LocatedinFaisalabad.Providesintroduction,history,administration,campus,departments,hospitals,sports,magazine,events,picturegalleryandstudentslife.

title:	Rawalpindi Medical College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmc.edu.pk%2F
desc:	OffersMBBS.

title:	Shifa College of Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FAsia%2FPakistan%2FMedical&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shifacollege.edu%2F
desc:	AffiliatedwithBahriaUniversity,IslamabadandaccreditedbyPM&DC,ShifaCollegeofMedicineisaprivatesectorMedicalCollegeofferingMBBScourses.

title:	Kyushu University College of Law 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FLaw%2FEducation%2FLaw_Schools%2FJapan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.law.kyushu-u.ac.jp%2Fenglish
desc:	HomeoftheCollegeofLaw'sGraduateSchool,locatedinFukoka,ontheislandofKyushu,Japan.SiteprovidesinformationaboutLLMandLLD(advanceddegreeinInternationalEconomicandBusinessLaw)programs.

title:	Campus Program Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcampusprogram.com%2Fcanada%2F
desc:	Sitethathelpsyoutodecidewhattostudyandfindajob.Idealforhighschool,universityandcollegestudentsandprofessionalsseekingemployment.

title:	Campus Starter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.campusstarter.com%2F
desc:	Canadian-basedmagazineforstudentscomparingundergraduatestudiesandexploringcareeropportunities.Offersprogramsearchcapabilitiesandinformationaboutdegrees,diplomasorcertificates.

title:	Canadian Universities and Colleges Resource 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcampusaccess.com%2F
desc:	Commercialoffersalongwithadviceandsomeeducationalresources.Emailaddressesforuniversityapplications.

title:	CanLearn Interactive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canlearn.ca%2F
desc:	Toolsandinformationtohelpmatchpersonalandcareergoalstolearningopportunities.PresentedbyHumanResourcesDevelopmentCanada.

title:	CDI College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cdicollege.ca%2F
desc:	Privatetraininginstitutionofferingfull-andpart-timebusiness,IT,andhealthcarecoursesatcampusesthroughoutthecountry.

title:	Eastern College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Feasterncollege.ca%2F
desc:	Multipledisciplinedschoolwith10locationsthroughouttheMaritimes.

title:	Gourman Report Ranking of Canadian Universities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstudywonder.com%2Fcanada_uni.htm
desc:	Arankingofthetop-60CanadianuniversitiescompiledfromtheU.S.GourmanReport.

title:	Study Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studycanada.ca%2F
desc:	Describesthedifferencesbetweentypesofinstitutions,andgettingastudentvisa.

title:	Studyincanada.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studyincanada.com%2F
desc:	InformationaboutCanadianuniversities,colleges,careercollegesandsecondaryandelementaryschools.Findouthowtogetastudentvisa.LearnaboutacademicandsociallifeinCanada.

title:	University-Canada.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.university-canada.net%2F
desc:	OfferscomparisonsandrankingsofschoolsandprofessorsinCanada.

title:	Acupuncture Foundation of Canada Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.afcinstitute.com%2F
desc:	Federallyincorporatedforpurposesofteaching,certification,andresearchinacupuncture.IncludesInstituteinformation,educationtopicsandfees,membershipcompositionandnewsreleases.

title:	ASM Safe Boating 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.asmsafeboating.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesCanadianCoastGuardaccreditedcoursesatvariousprovinciallocations;informationaboutclasslocations,instructorcontact,feesandonlinemanualordering.

title:	Automotive Training Centres Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autotrainingcentre.com%2F
desc:	Offerstrainingcoursesforadultsandprofessionalsinautobodycollisionrepairs,automechanics,andautosales.Includesprogramdetails,registration,financialassistance,andinquiryform.LocationsinBritishColumbia,QuebecandOntario.

title:	Canada QBank 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canadaqbank.com%2F
desc:	SimulatedquestionbanksfortheMedicalCouncilofCanadaEvaluatingandQualifyingexams.

title:	The Canada-U.S. Fulbright Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fulbright.ca%2F
desc:	AimstoenhancethestudyofCanadaandtheUnitedStatesandtoencourageandbroadenresearcheffortsoftherelationshipbetweenthetwocountries.Describesitsmandate,awardandfunderopportunities,listscurrentgrantees,andoffersresourcesforalumniandsupporters.

title:	Canadian College of Holistic Health 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cchh.org%2F
desc:	PromotesHomeopathyandalternativemedicineinCanada.ProvidesinformationaboutHomeopathyandamissionstatement.Describesavailablecoursesandtheircost.

title:	Canadian Law School Blog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcanadianlawschool.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	InformationonCanadianLawSchools.

title:	Canadian Management Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmctraining.org%2F
desc:	Offersprofessionaldevelopment,managementtrainingandcareertrainingprograms.LocationsinCalgary,OttawaandToronto,andalsooffersweb-basedcourses.

title:	Canadian Open Source Education and Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcanopener.ca%2F
desc:	Describescurrentactivities,links,projectsandassociates.

title:	Canadian Parliamentary Internship Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pip-psp.org%2F
desc:	Aprogramforrecentuniversitygraduates,allowingthemtoworkwithbackbenchMembersofParliament;sponsoredbytheCanadianPoliticalScienceAssociation.

title:	Canadian Tourism Human Resource Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cthrc.ca%2F
desc:	FacilitatesdevelopmentinthetourismindustrythroughprovincialandterritorialpartnerstooffertourismtrainingbasedonNationalOccupationalStandards,offersprofessionaltourismandhospitalitycertification.

title:	Densmore Consulting Services Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dcsweb.ca%2F
desc:	ProvidescoursesandproductsforcandidatespreparingtowritetheUniformFinalExamination(UFE)oftheCanadianInstituteofCharteredAccountants.

title:	DrivingSchool.ca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drivingschool.ca%2F
desc:	ListsdrivingschoolsandtrainingfacilitiesacrossCanada,withrelatedinformationincludinginsuranceandlicensingregulations.

title:	Essay Experts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.essayexperts.ca%2F
desc:	Specializeindeliveringcustomandwell-craftedessaysforstudentsbyofferingprofessionalwritingserviceswhichincludeeditingandstructuringtheiressays.OfficesinTorontoandVancouver.

title:	Forum for International Trade Training (FITT) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fitt.ca%2F
desc:	Providesprograms,trainingandcertificationininternationaltradedesignedtopreparebusinessesandindividualstocompeteinworldmarkets.

title:	International Academic Correspondence Incorporation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iaci-canada.com%2F
desc:	AneducationalorganizationprovidingsupporttoUniversityofSouthAfrica'sdistancelearningstudents.Listsfaculties,generalinformation,rules,registration,forms,fees,andexamcentres.

title:	International Council for Canadian Studies (ICCS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iccs-ciec.ca%2F
desc:	ComprisedofovertwentynationalormultinationalassociationsforCanadianStudieswhosemandateisthestudyandteachingofCanada.

title:	Language Studies Canada (LSC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.language-school-canada.com%2F
desc:	SchoolsinToronto,Montreal,VancouverandCalgarythatofferyear-roundEnglishandFrenchcourses,insmallclassgroups.

title:	Mentoring Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mentoringcanada.ca%2F
desc:	ServiceofBigBrotherBigSisters,aimedatmentoring-basedprogramsacrossCanada.Includesanonlinelibraryofdownloadablematerialsandinteractivetrainingmodules.

title:	National Education Association of Disabled Students (NEADS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neads.ca%2F
desc:	Advocatesfullaccessforpost-secondaryeducationandemploymentopportunities,forpeoplewithdisabilities.

title:	New In Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newineducation.com%2F
desc:	Anonlinenews,newsletterandinformationservicefortheeducationcommunity,journalistsandanyoneinterestedineducationaldevelopments.

title:	Our Kids 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fourkids.net%2F
desc:	Listsprivateschools,independentschoolsandboardingschoolsaswellassummercamps,aswellasadvice,newsandevents.

title:	Oxford Learning Centres 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oxfordlearning.com%2F
desc:	Providessupplementalprogramsinreading,writing,spelling,mathematics,studyskills,andhomeworksupportwiththeobjectiveofimprovinggradesamongstudents.

title:	Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pims.math.ca%2F
desc:	FoundedbyfivemajoruniversitiesofWesternCanadatopromoteresearchinmathematicsandtoimprovecollaborationbetweenthemathematicalscientistsintheacademiccommunity,intheindustrialandbusinesssector,andingovernment.

title:	PassTheWheel.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.passthewheel.com%2F
desc:	Onlinetestingwhichmimicsquestionsaskedwhentakingthedriver'swrittentestorknowledgetestinOntario,BritishColumbia,andAlberta.

title:	Prime Minister Awards for Teaching Excellence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpma-ppm.ic.gc.ca%2Fepic%2Fsite%2Fpmate-ppmee.nsf%2Fen%2FHome
desc:	Recognizestheeffortsofoutstandingteachersinalldisciplineswhoinstillintheirstudentsaloveoflearning,helpingthemexcelandbuildasuccessfulfuture.

title:	Prior Educational Resources -Biology Study Guides 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biology-study-guides.com%2F
desc:	SellshighschoolBiologystudyguidesforteachersandstudents,withself-testsavailableonthesite.

title:	RateMyTeachers.ca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ratemyteachers.ca%2F
desc:	AllowsCanadianhighschoolstudentstheabilitytogradetheirteachers'performancesandsharethatinformationwithotherstudentsandparents.

title:	RESPs.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fresps.org%2F
desc:	InformationaboutRegisteredEducationalSavingsPlans,withlinkstoRESPprovidersacrossthecountryandnewsabouttheprogram.

title:	Ripple Effects, Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ripplefx.ca%2F
desc:	OffersAboriginalAwarenessTrainingSeminars.Informationaboutsubject/clientrelations,testimonial,concepts,resourcesandcontentofawarenesstrainingtointerfacewithInuit,MetisandFirstNations.

title:	Schoolfinder.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schoolfinder.com%2F
desc:	Searchforscholarships,applications,fees,programs,financialaidandadditionalinformationforschoolsinCanada.

title:	Skywatchers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fec.gc.ca%2Fmeteoaloeil-skywatchers%2F
desc:	EnvironmentCanada'sSkyWatcherprogramisaninteractiveeducationalresourceforelementaryschoolsandstudents.

title:	Society for Educational Visits and Exchanges in Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sevec.ca%2F
desc:	Anationalnon-profitassociationwithmorethan60yearsexperienceinorganizingeducationalvisitsandexchangesforstudentsofallages.

title:	Stop A Bully 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stopabully.ca%2F
desc:	Anti-bullyingprogramtopreventviolenceinCanadianschools.Itallowsvictimsorwitnessesofviolencetosafelysubmitreports,topreventfuturebullyingandharassment.

title:	World Literacy of Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldlit.ca%2F
desc:	Anon-profit,registeredCanadiancharity,basedinToronto,thatworkstopromoteliteracyandsocialjusticeinCanadaandoverseas.Informationaboutprograms,volunteering,newslettersandrelatedinformation.

title:	Young Drivers of Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yd.com%2F
desc:	Drivingschoolsforyoungdrivers,andnewdriversofallages,motorcycleandcollisionpreventionofferedatfranchiselocationsinCanada,theUSAandFinland.

title:	Hoe giftig zijn wasverzachters? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FExacte_Wetenschappen%2FScheikunde%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.home.nl%2Fg.gritter%2F
desc:	Profielwerkstuk.Bevatookinformatieoverdegeschiedenisvanwasverzachters.

title:	Scheikundelokaal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FExacte_Wetenschappen%2FScheikunde%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digischool.nl%2Fsk%2Fsklok.htm
desc:	Digitaleschoolvoorleerlingenendocenten.Links,informatie,opdrachtenendocentencommunity.

title:	General Chemistry Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fantoine.frostburg.edu%2Fchem%2Fsenese%2F101%2Findex.shtml
desc:	Richresourceforstudentsandteachersofintroductorychemistry.Includesinteractivecourseguidesandtutorials,anexamsurvivalguide,referencetables,self-gradingquizzesandexams,asearchableglossary,aquestionandanswerboard,answerstoover300frequentlyaskedquestions,andachemicaltriviaquiz.

title:	Academy of Alchemy (Chemistry) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.synapses.co.uk%2Falchemy%2Findex.html
desc:	Self-pacedandself-learningdistancechemistryeducation.Thereisacostfora'hypertextbook'andadifferentcostforonlinetutoring,ifrequested.

title:	Ace Organic Chem.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aceorganicchem.com%2F
desc:	Provideslive,onlineorganicchemistryhelpandreviewseminarspriortothestudent'sfinalexam.Alsoprovidesbooks,videosandothereducationalmaterial.

title:	Activities , Games and Quizzes in Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.syvum.com%2Fsquizzes%2Fchem%2F
desc:	Learnfactsabouttheperiodictablethroughquizactivitiesandgames.Identifythechemicalsymbolgiventheelementname,andtheelementnamegiventhechemicalsymbol.

title:	AquaSchemes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chem1.com%2FCQ%2F
desc:	Thescienceofwaterandhowitgetsturnedintopseudosciencebypromotersofdubioustreatmentschemes.

title:	Ask-A-Scientist Archive - Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newton.dep.anl.gov%2Faskasci%2Fchem98.htm
desc:	AlistofthousandsofchemistryquestionsansweredbyexpertsfromtheU.S.ArgonneNationalLaboratory.

title:	Aus-e-Tute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ausetute.com.au%2F
desc:	Developedbyexperiencedscienceteacherstoprovidefreechemistrytutorialsdesignedforhighschoolchemistrystudents.Anadditionalmembers-onlyareaisavailableforself-testsandtheiranswers.

title:	Cavalcade of Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmisterguch.brinkster.net%2Fchemfiestanew.html
desc:	Achemistryresourceforhighschoolstudents,teachers,andhomeschoolers.Freelessonplans(worksheets,handouts,labs)andtutorialsprovided.

title:	Chem4Kids 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chem4kids.com%2F
desc:	Basicsofchemistryforallages.Ithassectionsonatoms,matter,theperiodictable,andreactions.

title:	The ChemCollective 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chemcollective.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionofvirtuallabs,scenario-basedlearningactivities,andconceptstestswhichcanbeincorporatedintoavarietyofteachingapproachesaspre-labs,alternativestotextbookhomework,andin-classactivitiesforindividualsorteams.ItisorganizedbyagroupoffacultyandstaffatCarnegieMellonUniversity.

title:	Chemical Educational Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chemed.org%2F
desc:	Educationaloutreachprogramsandchemicalsafetyinformationthroughcompetitionsandnewsletters.Pageincludeslistofevents,publicationsandkidspage.

title:	Chemical Portal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webqc.org%2F
desc:	Onlinechemistrytools,forums,unitconverters,symmetrytables,periodictableandchemicalconstants.

title:	Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iteachbio.com%2FChemistry%2FChemistry%2Fchem.htm
desc:	Providesaweb-centeredlearningenvironmentforstudentsofchemistry.IncludesPowerpointpresentationsandvideos.

title:	Chemistry Curriculum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fnj3%2Fbenchemistry%2F
desc:	Outlineofhighschoolchemistrycoursecurriculumwithlinkstoteachergeneratedassignmentsandpertinentwebsites.Intendedtohelpstudentsandotherchemistryteachers.

title:	Chemistry Explained 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chemistryexplained.com%2F
desc:	Coverschemistry,itslaws,processes,applicationsandsubdisciplinesinhundredsofillustratedarticles.

title:	Chemistry Help Pages from Technical Tutoring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyper-ad.com%2Ftutoring%2Fchemistry%2F
desc:	Helpforcommontopicsincollegegeneralchemistry.

title:	Chemistry of "Things Jamaican" 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwwwchem.uwimona.edu.jm%3A1104%2Fchemlect.html
desc:	Lecturematerialsfororganic,inorganicandphysicalchemistrycourses,aswellasmaterialsontheextractionofaluminafrombauxite,thechemistryofspices,fermentation,andmarinenaturalproducts,fromTheUniversityoftheWestIndies,MonaCampus.

title:	The Chemistry Site 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learnchem.net%2F
desc:	OfferingtutorialsandinteractivetestsforcollegiateintroductorylevelchemistryaswellasAPChem.

title:	Chemistry Study Cards 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chemmybear.com%2Fstdycrds.html
desc:	ForAPandgeneralchemistryclasses,eachofwhichcoversmostofayear'scurriculum.Eachsetofcardsissavedinpdfformatforeasydownload.

title:	Chemmybear.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chemmybear.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforteachersandstudentsofchemistryincludinganimatedmoleculesandmoleclipart.

title:	The Chemogenesis Web Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.meta-synthesis.com%2Fwebbook.html
desc:	Exploresthesciencebetweentheperiodictableandtheestablisheddisciplinesofinorganicandorganicchemistry.

title:	Chemtopper.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchemtopper.com%2F
desc:	Studymaterialforchemistrycourses.StudentscanplacetheirhomeworkhelpquestionsontheChemistryForum.Onlinetutoringavailable.

title:	Comic Book Periodic Table 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uky.edu%2FProjects%2FChemcomics%2F
desc:	Comicsrelatingorreferringsomehowtovariouselements.Alsohaslinkstoscientificinformationforeachelement.

title:	ConcepTests 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chem.wisc.edu%2F%7Econcept%2F
desc:	Concept-basedtestsforuseinchemistry.Includessuggestionsforhowthetestcanbestbeusedintheinstructionofchemistrystudents.

title:	Creative Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creative-chemistry.org.uk%2F
desc:	Worksheets,teachersandtechniciansnotesforactivitiessuitableforaChemistryClub.QuestionsheetsandpracticalguidesforGCSEChemistry.Interactiverevisionquizzes,puzzlesandtheSc1Tune-upGarage.

title:	The Culture of Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcultureofchemistry.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	"TheWho,What,When,WhereandWhyofChemistry".WeblogbyMichelleFrancl.

title:	Dr. Roger Peters' AUFBAU1 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wissensdrang.com%2Fauf1con.htm
desc:	Dr.R.Petersteachingresourcefor14to16yearoldchemistrystudents.

title:	Educational Resources for Particle Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erpt.org%2F
desc:	Tutorialsdesignedtohelpstudentsandindustrialtechnologistsunderstandpowderorslurrybehavioranddiagnoseandcorrectproductionproblems.

title:	Erik's Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Feppe.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Astudentmadepagewithinformationaboutgeneralchemistry,APchemistry,organicchemistryandphysicalchemistry.

title:	General Chemistry First Edition, by American Chemical Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whfreeman.com%2Facsgenchem%2F
desc:	Designedtohelpstudentsreviewkeyconceptsthroughinteractiveexercises,visualization,andotherlearningtools.Resourcesareorganizedbychapterandbycontenttype.

title:	Global Instructional Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ch.ic.ac.uk%2FGIC%2F
desc:	Collectionofresourcesforsupplementingchemistrylessons.

title:	Guide to Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fscifi%2F7chemistry%2F
desc:	Discussesatomsandtheircomponents,theperiodictable,itsfunctionsandthebasicelements.

title:	Haber Process 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhaberchemistry.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Summaryofthemethodwithdiagramsandequations.TheHaberProcessisamethodofproducingammoniadevelopedinWWI.

title:	How Hydrogen Peroxide Foams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2Fquestion115.htm
desc:	Tellshowandwhyhydrogenperoxidefoamsoncutsbutnotonskin.

title:	How to Pass Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heptune.com%2Fpasschem.html
desc:	Advicetostudentsonhowtopasschemistryfromonewhohastaughtatthecollegelevelformanyyears.

title:	Information about density determination 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.density.com%2F
desc:	Getthelatestinformationaboutdensitydetermination,concentrationtablesinEXCELformatandexchangeinformationwithotherpeople.

title:	Institute for Chemical Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fice.chem.wisc.edu%2F
desc:	Establishedtoprovideacenterforscienceeducatorstodevelopanddisseminateideas.ICEisnationalinscopeandhasledthedrivetohelpteachersrevitalizescienceinschoolsthroughouttheUnitedStates.

title:	Instructional Resources for Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chem1.com%2Fchemed%2F
desc:	Annotatedlinkstoinstructionalmaterialsandotherresourcesofinteresttochemistryteachersandcoursedesigners,carefullyselectedtorepresentwhattheauthor(achemistryprofessor)considerstobethemostusefulandexemplaryresources.SpecialemphasisisplacedonCAIlessons,digitaltext,Web-basedtutorialsandsimilarmaterialsthatcanserveasalternativestotraditionalmethodsofinstruction.

title:	It's Elemental 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Feducation.jlab.org%2Felementflashcards%2F
desc:	Reviewtheelementswithflashcards.[RequiresJavascript]

title:	Kiwi Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chemistry.co.nz%2F
desc:	Searchengineforchemistrysitesforchildrenandyoungadults.IncludesinformationaboutNewZealand,andastainremovalguideaswellasmoregeneralchemistryinformation.

title:	KryssTal Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.krysstal.com%2Fchem.html
desc:	Essaysonchemistrytopics.

title:	The Lab of Shakhashiri 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscifun.chem.wisc.edu%2F
desc:	ChemistryprofessorBassamZ.Shakhashirisharesthefunofsciencethroughhomescienceactivities,demonstrationshows,videosandbooks.

title:	National Mole Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moleday.org%2F
desc:	CelebratedannuallyonOctober23,MoleDaycommemoratesAvogadro'sNumber(6.02x10^23),whichisabasicmeasuringunitinchemistry.MoleDaywascreatedasawaytofosterinterestinchemistry.

title:	Organic Chemistry Tutor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.organic-chemistry-tutor.com%2F
desc:	Givesabriefbutcomprehensibleintroductiontoorganicchemistry.

title:	Organic Reaction Quizzes and Summaries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpages.towson.edu%2Fladon%2Forgrxs%2Freactsum.htm
desc:	Designedtoassistorganicchemistrystudentsinthereviewofthebasicreactions.

title:	Osmosis, Reverse Osmosis and Osmotic Pressure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Furila.tripod.com%2Findex.htm
desc:	Shortarticleonosmosis.

title:	Petrochemistry Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.petrochemistry.eu%2F
desc:	Educationalsitewithtutorialsexplainingpetrochemistryandstepstakentoproducepetrochemicals.Alsoincludesindustrystatisticsandproductapplications.

title:	Stu's Guide to Atoms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fatmos.50megs.com%2F
desc:	Educationalsiteonthesubjectofatoms;anoverview,history,andatomicstructure.

title:	Student Affiliates of the ACS, Towson University Chapter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.towson.edu%2Fsaacs%2F
desc:	Agroupofchemistrymajor,minors,pre-med,pre-den,studentsandanyoneelseinterestedinchemistryatTowsonUniversity.Thissitehaslinkstoactivities,meetingtimes,andamessagebordforstudentsofTowsonUniversityChemistryclasses.

title:	The Third Millennium Online - Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3rd1000.com%2F3rd1000.htm
desc:	Onlinetextbook,labactivities,detailedinformationonselectedtopics,historysectionsincludingtimelinesandbriefbiographies.

title:	Topics in Quantitative Chemical Analysis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csudh.edu%2Foliver%2Fche230%2Ftextbook%2Ftextbook.htm
desc:	CoursenotesforChemistry230atCaliforniaStateUniversity,DominguezHills.

title:	Understanding Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chemguide.co.uk%2F
desc:	CourseoriginallyintendedtomeettheneedsofUKAlevelchemistrystudentsbutnowwidenedtosuitpeopleonequivalentcoursesworldwide.

title:	The Vespiary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FChemistry%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thevespiary.org%2F
desc:	Aimstospread,produce,andconfirminformationaboutthesynthesis,extraction,sourcesandbiologicalactivityofvariouschemicals.Includesaforumandmembers'pages.

title:	Actilingua Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FReferenser%2FUtbildning%2FInternationell%2FSpr%C3%A5kskolor&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.actilingua.com%2F
desc:	Tyskkurser,boendesamtkultur-ochfritidsprogram.

title:	Norges teknisk-naturvitenskapelige universitet (NTNU): Fakultet for arkitektur og billedkunst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FReferanse%2FUtdanning%2FUniversitet_og_h%C3%B8gskoler%2FNorges_teknisk-naturvitenskapelige_universitet%2FFakulteter%2FFakultet_for_arkitektur_og_billedkunst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntnu.no%2Fab
desc:	Fakultetetharinstitutteneforbyggekunst,formogfarge,forbyformingogplanlegging,forbyggekunst,historieogteknologi,forbyggekunst,prosjekteringogforvaltningogforbilledkunst(KunstakademietiTrondheim).

title:	Norges teknisk-naturvitenskapelige universitet (NTNU): Institutt for byforming og planlegging 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FReferanse%2FUtdanning%2FUniversitet_og_h%C3%B8gskoler%2FNorges_teknisk-naturvitenskapelige_universitet%2FFakulteter%2FFakultet_for_arkitektur_og_billedkunst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntnu.no%2Fbp%2F
desc:	Informasjonomansatte,undervisning,etter-ogvidereutdanningskurs,forskningogpublikasjoner.

title:	Norges teknisk-naturvitenskapelige universitet (NTNU): Institutt for byggekunst, form og farge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FReferanse%2FUtdanning%2FUniversitet_og_h%C3%B8gskoler%2FNorges_teknisk-naturvitenskapelige_universitet%2FFakulteter%2FFakultet_for_arkitektur_og_billedkunst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntnu.no%2Fbff
desc:	Informasjonominstituttet,ansatteogundervisning.

title:	Norges teknisk-naturvitenskapelige universitet (NTNU): Institutt for byggekunst, historie og teknologi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FReferanse%2FUtdanning%2FUniversitet_og_h%C3%B8gskoler%2FNorges_teknisk-naturvitenskapelige_universitet%2FFakulteter%2FFakultet_for_arkitektur_og_billedkunst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntnu.no%2Fbht
desc:	Informasjonomansatte,undervisningogetter-ogvidereutdanning.

title:	Norges teknisk-naturvitenskapelige universitet (NTNU): Institutt for byggekunst, prosjektering og forvaltning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNorsk%2FReferanse%2FUtdanning%2FUniversitet_og_h%C3%B8gskoler%2FNorges_teknisk-naturvitenskapelige_universitet%2FFakulteter%2FFakultet_for_arkitektur_og_billedkunst&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntnu.no%2Fbpf
desc:	Informasjonomansatte,studenter,undervisning,etter-ogvidereutdanningstilbud,forskningogpublikasjoner.

title:	Academie van Bouwkunst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FArchitectuur%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.academievanbouwkunst.nl%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdeopleidingentotarchitect,stedebouwkundigeenlandschapsarchitect,opendagenenstudieprogrammateAmsterdam.

title:	TU Delft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FKunst%2FArchitectuur%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bk.tudelft.nl%2F
desc:	FaculteitderBouwkunde.

title:	Departemen Arsitektur ITB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FKesenian%2FArsitektur%2FPendidikan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ar.itb.ac.id%2F
desc:	InformasitentangDepartemenArsitekturInstitutTeknologiBandung.

title:	Jurusan Arsitektur  UKP 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FKesenian%2FArsitektur%2FPendidikan&url=http%3A%2F%2Farsitektur.petra.ac.id%2F
desc:	InformasiJurusanArsitekturUniversitasKristenPetra.

title:	Jurusan Arsitektur ITS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FKesenian%2FArsitektur%2FPendidikan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fprospektus.its.ac.id%2Farsitek.html
desc:	InformasitentanJurusanArsitekturInstitutTeknologiSepuluhNovemberSurabaya.

title:	Jurusan Arsitektur UGM 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FBahasa_Indonesia%2FKesenian%2FArsitektur%2FPendidikan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archiplan.ugm.ac.id%2F
desc:	InformasipendidikanarsitekturdiUniversitasGadjahMada,Yogyakarta.

title:	Archiprix International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FArchitecture%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archiprix.org%2F
desc:	Abiennialinternationalcompetitionforthebestgraduationprojectsinarchitecture,urbandesignandlandscapearchitecture.Adatabaseofuniversitiesandacademiesteachingarchitecture.

title:	Lunds universitet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FReferenser%2FUtbildning%2FUniversitet_och_h%C3%B6gskolor%2FSverige%2FLunds_universitet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lu.se%2F
desc:	Forskning,utbildningochstudentservice.

title:	Vorlesungsskripte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FWissenschaft%2FNaturwissenschaften%2FPhysik%2FStudium&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.ph.tum.de%2Frwagner%2Fphysik%2Fskripten.html
desc:	RobertWagnersumfangreichesVerzeichnisvonVorlesungsskriptenundMitschriften.

title:	World Science U 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldscienceu.com%2F
desc:	Videoclipsandlecturesaboutcosmology,particlephysics,relativityandquantummechanicspresentedbystringtheorist,BrianGreene.Requiresfreeregistration.

title:	Andes Physics Tutor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.andestutor.org%2F
desc:	Andesisanintelligenttutoringsystemwhichteachesstudentshowtosolvephysicsproblems.ItprovidesacompletesetofhomeworkproblemsforanintroductorycollegephysicscourseorahighschoolAPphysicscourse.

title:	Animations of Wave Motion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphysics.usask.ca%2F%7Ehirose%2Fep225%2Fanim.htm
desc:	AnimatedGIFsandadiscussionofsomeofthemathinvolved.

title:	APS - Division of Physics of Beams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbt.pa.msu.edu%2Fbrochure%2F
desc:	Historyofbeamphysicsresearch,andcurrentinformationonthetopic.

title:	Art Ludwig's Sound Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.silcom.com%2F%7Ealudwig%2F
desc:	Variousexplorationsofsound,sounddetectionandsoundmeasurement.Includesasectiononphysicsofsound.

title:	Astrophysics Science Project Integrating Research and Education (ASPIRE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Foutreach.physics.utah.edu%2F
desc:	Sitededicatedtohelpingteacherswithlessonsinphysicsandastrophysicsbygivingcomputeractivitiesthathelpshowhowphysicalmodelswork.

title:	Bicycle Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fist-socrates.berkeley.edu%2F%7Efajans%2FTeaching%2Fbicycles.html
desc:	Thephysicsofhowtosteerabicycle,andhowstopsignsinterferewithbicyclecommuting.

title:	Cartoons and Movies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fist-socrates.berkeley.edu%2F%7Efajans%2FTeaching%2Fcartoons%2F
desc:	Somediagramsandmoviesillustratingsomeotherwiseabstractelectricalprinciples.

title:	Challenges In Teaching and Learning Introductory Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physics.ucsb.edu%2F%7Eairboy%2Fchallenge.html
desc:	Addressesthetroublespresentedinintroductoryphysicscoursestakenbystudentsintheirfirsttwoyearsofcollege.

title:	Common Errors in Undergraduate Mathematics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.vanderbilt.edu%2F%7Eschectex%2Fcommerrs%2F
desc:	Thispagedescribestheerrorsseenmostfrequentlyinundergraduatemathematics,thelikelycausesofthoseerrors,andtheirremedies.Avoidtheseerrorsinordertoimproveinanymath-intensivecourse,includingphysics.

title:	Communities for Physics and Astronomy Digital Resources in Education (comPADRE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.compadre.org%2F
desc:	Aprojecttocreatewellorganized,digitalcollectionsofhighqualityeducationalmaterialsinphysicsandastronomy.ComPADREconsistsoffocusedcollectionsofmaterialsforspecificcoursesorservingspecificconstituencies,withconnectionstoawiderangeofonlinedigitalresourcesincludingcurricularmaterials,digitallibraries,andonlinejournals,usercommunitiesthatparticipateinthedevelopmentandoperationofthesecollections.

title:	Contemporary Physics Education Project (CPEP) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpepweb.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationofteachers,educators,andphysicists;atLawrenceBerkeleyLab.

title:	CosmoLearning Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cosmolearning.com%2Fphysics%2F
desc:	Educationalwebsiteofferingthousandsofcourses,booksandvideolecturesbytheworld'stopscholars.

title:	The Elements of Machines 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mos.org%2Fsln%2FLeonardo%2FInventorsToolbox.html
desc:	Somesimplemachines,explained,describedandillustrated.

title:	Engineering Encounters - Bridge Design Contest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbridgecontest.org%2F
desc:	Bridgedesigncontest(usingspecializedsoftware).U.S.studentsage13throughgrade12areeligibleforprizes.AnyoneelsemayentertheOpenCompetition.Overview,rules,resources,softwaredownloadandFAQ.

title:	Exploring Physics in Cyberspace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fepic.physics.missouri.edu%2Fhtml%2Faboutprgm.htm
desc:	Thissitedescribesseveraltestedextracurricularprogramsgearedtointroducinghands-oninteractivephysicsactivitiesforK-12students.SupportedbytheNationalScienceFoundation.

title:	Fundamental Physical Constants from NIST 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fphysics.nist.gov%2Fcuu%2FConstants%2F
desc:	ThevaluesofthefundamentalphysicalconstantsprovidedatthissitearerecommendedforinternationalusebyCODATAandarethelatestavailable.

title:	FYKOS - Physical Correspondence Seminary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffykos.cz%2F
desc:	Worldwidecompetitioninphysicsforgrammarschool(underage19)studentswithaninterestinphysics.

title:	GRE Physics Prep 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftech.groups.yahoo.com%2Fgroup%2Fphysicsgre%2F
desc:	YahoogroupforpeoplepreparingforGREPhysics.

title:	Henry Greenside's Duke Physics Challenges 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phy.duke.edu%2F%7Ehsg%2Fphysics-challenges%2Fchallenges.html
desc:	Physics-relatedword-problempuzzles.

title:	How Atoms Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2Fatom.htm
desc:	Showshowmandeterminedthestructureoftheatomandlearnedhowatomsinteractedwitheachother.

title:	How Everything Works 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howeverythingworks.org%2F
desc:	Aserviceprovidinganswerstoquestionsaboutphysics,science,andhowthingsintheworldarounduswork.CompaniontothebookbyLouisBloomfieldcalledHowThingsWork.

title:	How Things Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhowthingswork.virginia.edu%2F
desc:	Aserviceprovidinganswerstoquestionsaboutphysics,science,andhowthingsintheworldarounduswork.Companiontothebookbythesamename.

title:	How to Study Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lhup.edu%2F%7Edsimanek%2Fchapman.htm
desc:	AUniversityofTexasclassic,writtenbeforethewebwasaround,butnowrevisedandweb-ready.

title:	HyperPhysics Concepts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu%2Fhbase%2Fhph.html
desc:	Aconceptmapofphysicsshowingrelationshipsbetweentopicswhilegivingexplanationsandreferences.

title:	International Physics Olympiads 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jyu.fi%2Fipho%2F
desc:	Regionalandinternationalphysicsolympiads.Information,mailinglists,andlinkstoalltheIPhOproblemsavailableontheweb.

title:	Intuitor - Insultingly Stupid Movie Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intuitor.com%2Fmoviephysics%2F
desc:	ReviewsandratesHollywoodmoviesforbadphysicscontent.

title:	Kenny Felder's Math and Physics Help Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww4.ncsu.edu%2Funity%2Flockers%2Fusers%2Ff%2Ffelder%2Fpublic%2Fkenny%2Fhome.html
desc:	Acollectionofpaperswrittentoexplainvariousconceptsinmathandphysics,aswellaspapersgenerouslydonatedbyotherpeople.

title:	Mathematical Thinking in Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grc.nasa.gov%2FWWW%2FK-12%2FNumbers%2FMath%2FMathematical_Thinking%2Findex.htm
desc:	Articles,essays,andproblemsdesignedforstudentstolearnmoreabouttheimportanceofmathinthestudyandapplicationofphysics.

title:	Multimedia Educational Resource for Learning and Online Teaching (MERLOT) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.merlot.org%2Fmerlot%2Fmaterials.htm%3Fcategory%3D2736
desc:	Peer-reviewedonlineteachingandlearningmaterialsforphysics.

title:	NSTA - Position Statement on Laboratory Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsta.org%2Fabout%2Fpositions%2Flaboratory.aspx
desc:	Sincethelaboratoryexperienceisofcriticalimportanceintheprocessofenhancingstudents'cognitiveandaffectiveunderstandingofscience,theNationalScienceTeachersAssociationmakesthefollowingrecommendations.

title:	Open Source Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.compadre.org%2Fosp%2F
desc:	TheOSPprojectseekstocreateanddistributecurricularmaterialforphysicscomputationandphysicseducationatalllevels.

title:	Physclips 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.animations.physics.unsw.edu.au%2F
desc:	Providesphysicsanimations,learningandreferencetoolsforstudentsandresourcesforteachers.Thelevelisapproximatelythatofintroductoryuniversityoradvancedhighschool.

title:	Physical Science for Nonscientists - Physics 1020 (2nd Semester) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colorado.edu%2Fphysics%2Fphys1020%2Fphys1020_sp05%2F
desc:	CoursewebsiteatUniversityofColorado.Includeslecturenotesinpdfformat.

title:	Physical Science Resource Center (PSRC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.compadre.org%2Fpsrc%2F
desc:	ThissitehasplentyofresourcesforphysicsandphysicalscienceteachersK-16.

title:	Physics at Merton College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lokon.demon.co.uk%2F
desc:	MattersrelatedtotheAS-levelandA-levelphysicscourses.Thematerialcoverstopicsinphysicsanditsrelatedmathematicsandwillsupplementone'snormalclasswork.

title:	Physics Central 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physicscentral.org%2F
desc:	TheoutreachsiteofthemembersofTheAmericanPhysicalSociety.Findouthowphysicsispartofyourworld,askquestionsonhowthingswork,seephysicsinpictures,getupdatesonphysicsinthenews,readaboutresearchandthepeoplewhoaredoingitand,ifyouwantmore,recommendedlinks.

title:	Physics Comics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftiffanyweb.bmts.com%2F%7Estoeckli%2F
desc:	Comics-stylelessonsinphysicsfundamentals.Topicsincludemotion,forces,vectors,workandenergy,andimpulseandmomentum.

title:	The Physics Encyclopedia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2F%7EIgorIvanov%2Fphysics%2F
desc:	Thissiteprovidesexhaustive,comprehensive,carefullyselectedandstructuredlistsonInternetphysicsresources.

title:	Physics for Idiots 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physicsforidiots.com%2F
desc:	Providessimpleexplanationsforanumberofphysics,spaceandmathsconcepts,tryingtobreakthemdownintostuffthatactuallymakessense.

title:	Physics Handbook.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physicshandbook.com%2F
desc:	Providesaneasytouseonlinephysicstextbookincludinglaws,tables,experiments,aquizandvideos.

title:	Physics Reference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alcyone.com%2Fmax%2Freference%2Fphysics%2Findex.html
desc:	Physicssymbols,constants,andSIunits,prefixesandrules.

title:	Physics Teacher Education Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phy.ilstu.edu%2Fpte%2F
desc:	InformationonaBScdegreeinphysicsteachingfromIllinoisStateUniversity.

title:	Physics Virtual Bookshelf 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upscale.utoronto.ca%2FGeneralInterest%2FAll.html
desc:	AcollectionmostlyofUniversityofTorontophysicsprofessorDavidM.Harrison'svariouspresentationsandcoursematerials.

title:	Physics, the Neglected Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intuitor.com%2Fphysics%2F
desc:	Pagestohelpincreaseawarenessaboutthevalueofphysicsandtolendsupporttohighschoolphysicsstudents,teachers,andparents.

title:	Practical Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.practicalphysics.org%2F
desc:	Enablesteachersofphysicstosharetheirskillsandexperienceofmakingexperimentsworkintheclassroom.

title:	A Prelude to the Study of Physics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmysite.verizon.net%2Fres12merh%2Fprelude.html
desc:	ApaperbyRobertJ.Sciamanda,firstpublishedinQuantumVol7No2,pg.45,Nov/Dec1996.

title:	Professor Stephen Hawking Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hawking.org.uk%2F
desc:	Biographical,educational,andscholarly.Alsoincludesabitoffun(didyouknowhewasonTheSimpsonsTVshow?)

title:	The Quantum Exchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thequantumexchange.org%2F
desc:	Acollectionofinformationandresourcesforteachersofquantumphysics.

title:	Science Animations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.science-animations.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesanumberofFlashanimationstosupplementhandbooksinphysics,mathsandtechnology.

title:	Science-Pseudoscience 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chem1.com%2Fchemed%2Fflimflam.shtml
desc:	Science,non-scienceandpseudoscience:asetoflessonstoteachstudentstodefineanddifferentiatethethree.

title:	Select Physics Topics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.science-ebooks.com%2Fphy%2Fselect_physics_topics.htm
desc:	ThisphysicsonlineebookcoversbasicphysicsfromNewton'slawstoelectricityandmagnetism.Lotsofappletsandanimationincluded.

title:	Simple Electric Motors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.simplemotor.com%2F
desc:	SummaryofscienceprojectsbyStanPozmantir,ajuniorsecondarystudent.Easy-to-buildandinexpensiveelectricmotorsutilizingmanyphysicsprinciples.

title:	Society of Physics Students (SPS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spsnational.org%2F
desc:	CompletesetofinformationformembersofanylevelofSPS.Scholarshipsandawards,news,activities,staff,structure,onlineforms,studentresources,andlinkstosignificantphysicssites.

title:	The Sound of Solitary Waves 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffocus.aps.org%2Fstory%2Fv4%2Fst24
desc:	Physicistshavedemonstratedthefirstacousticsolitarywavesinair--wavesthatcantravellongdistanceswithoutchangingshape.

title:	Spacetime Wrinkles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchive.ncsa.uiuc.edu%2FCyberia%2FNumRel%2FNumRelHome.html
desc:	Majoradvancesincomputationareonlynowenablingscientiststosimulatehowblackholesform,evolve,andinteract.Learnaboutrelativityanditspredictionsthroughtextandvideofilesatthissite.

title:	Static Electricity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.electrostatics.com%2Fpage2.html
desc:	Scientificexplanationofthephenomenonofstaticelectricity.

title:	Teralab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rhunt.f9.co.uk%2F
desc:	Descriptionsandphotographsofelectrostatics,electronbombardmentandwaveexperimentsdonewithhomeequipment.

title:	Thermal and Statistical Physics Curriculum Development Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstp.clarku.edu%2F
desc:	Includesanintroductiontotheprojectanditsconferences,relatedpapersandlinks,andsomeJavaapplets.

title:	Todd's Quantum Intro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hi.is%2F%7Ehj%2FQuantumMechanics%2Fquantum.html
desc:	Abriefoverviewofquantummechanics.

title:	TYC Physics Workshops 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftycphysics.org%2F
desc:	Informationaboutworkshopsprovidedfortwo-yearorcommunitycollegephysicsteachersandtheproductsofthisproject.

title:	UMPERG: Minds-On Physics (MOP) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsrri.umass.edu%2Fmop
desc:	Aone-yearcurriculumforhigh-schoolphysics.Itistheresultofamaterials-developmentprojectsupportedbytheNationalScienceFoundation,anditsdesignwasguidedbyeducationalresearchfindings.

title:	Web Physics Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FPhysics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebphysics.davidson.edu%2F
desc:	Aflexiblelowbudgetoutletforsmallvolume,highquality,HTML-basedcurricularmaterial.Itprovidesaforumforphysicseducatorstoexchangecurriculumideasandresourcesthatmakeuseofwebtechnology(primarilypublicdomainmaterial),andprovidesamediumforthedisseminationofstudentwork.

title:	Bradford University - School of Engineering, Design and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brad.ac.uk%2Fei%2F
desc:	Offerundergraduateandpostgraduatecourses.Subjectsincludecommunicationskills,andmaterialsanddesign.UnitedKingdom.

title:	Cal Poly Materials Engineering 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mate.calpoly.edu%2F
desc:	CaliforniaPolytechnicStateUniversity,SanLuisObispo,CA.Overviewofcourses,facultyandfacilities.

title:	Centers for Applied Competitive Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cact.org%2F
desc:	TheCACTcentersofferadultscontinuingeducationprogramsandemployersworkforcedevelopmentprogramsfocusedonemergingmanufacturingtechnologies.

title:	Department of Communication Networks: Aachen University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comnets.rwth-aachen.de%2F
desc:	Thefocusofthedepartmentisonperformanceanalysisofcommunicationsystemsbymodeling,mathematicalanalysisandstochasticsimulation.Includesinformationonthedepartment,research,teachingandpublications.

title:	Directory of Engineering Colleges and Universities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fengineers-international.com%2FFurther_education.html
desc:	Engineeringindustryeducationalinstitutions,verylargelinklist.

title:	GVU: Graphics, Visualization  - Usability Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cc.gatech.edu%2Fgvu%2F
desc:	GeorgiaInstituteofTechnology,GVU,inventingandteaching

title:	Hyper Island School of New Media Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hyperisland.se%2F
desc:	Atwo-yearuniversitycourseinSwedenfocusedonon-linerelatedtechnologies,products,servicesandbusinesses.

title:	Learnon Engineering Education Course Listings 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learnon.org%2F
desc:	Continuingeducationforengineeringprofessionals.

title:	National Taiwan University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntust.edu.tw%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationontheUniversityanditscollegesanddepartments,news,eventsandadmissions.InChinese,EnglishandIndonesian.

title:	Onera - French Aeronautics and Space Research Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onera.fr%2F
desc:	Coversallthescientificdisciplinesinvolvedinaircraft,spacecraftandmissiledesign.

title:	SAE Institute: Bangkok, Thailand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saethailand.com%2F
desc:	SchoolofAudioEngineeringInstituteoffersprofessionalmediatechnologyeducation,DiplomatoBAHonoursDegreein2yearsinAudioEngineeringandDigitalFilmMaking.

title:	Sault College: Engineering Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saultcollege.ca%2FGroups%2FGroups.asp%3Fgroupcode%3DENG
desc:	Providescivil,electricalandmechanicalengineering,environmentalandinstrumentationtechniciancourses.

title:	School of Polymers and High Performance Materials: Southern Mississippi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usm.edu%2Fpolymer
desc:	Providesinformationonthegraduateandundergraduateprograms,research,facultyandstaff.

title:	Tech Writer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Filearn.senecac.on.ca%2Ftechwrite%2F
desc:	TechnicalwritingcoursesforstudentsatSenecaCollegeofAppliedArtsandTechnology,TorontoandtheUniversityofGuelph,Ontario.

title:	University of St. Thomas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stthomas.edu%2Fengineering%2F
desc:	EngineeringandTechnologyManagement.(St.Paul,Minnesota,USA)

title:	UOIT: Faculty of Energy Systems and Nuclear Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FAcademic_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnuclear.uoit.ca%2F
desc:	Undergraduatestudiesinnuclearengineering,nuclearscience,radiationscienceandhealthphysics.Includesinformationonprograms,research,thefacultyandstaff.

title:	AREA Parchi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FScienza%2FAmbiente%2FEducazione_Ambientale&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.areaparchi.it%2F
desc:	Progettiediniziative,pubblicazioniedatiraccoltinell'ambitodellarealizzazionedelcentrodidocumentazioneArchivioRegionalesull'EducazioneAmbientaleneiparchilombardi.

title:	Argus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FMilieu%2FEducatie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.argusmilieu.be%2F
desc:	Onafhankelijkeinstellingdiezichbezighoudtmetmilieu-informatieen-educatievoorparticulierenenkleinebedrijven.Informatieovercursussen,projectenenpublicaties,nieuwsbrieven,artikelen,weblinksenadressen.

title:	FroNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FMilieu%2FEducatie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fronet.nl%2F
desc:	HetFroNetvanmilieu-educatie-bureauGijsbersbiedtinformatieovermilieuenmilieu-educatieenverhuurtenverkoopteducatiefmateriaal.

title:	Globe Nederland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FMaatschappij%2FMilieu%2FEducatie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globenederland.nl%2F
desc:	Scholierenverzamelenmilieudatatenbehoevevanwetenschappelijkonderzoek.Informatievoordocentenenscholieren.

title:	BBC Earth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fearth%2F
desc:	Featureswildlifephotos,interestingfacts,videos,gamesandcompetitions.

title:	The Center for Environmental Education and Natural History at Miami University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.environmentaleducationohio.org%2F
desc:	Presentsastartingpointtoexplorenumerousdifferentaspectsofenvironmentaleducationatalllevels.Itsgoalistoincreaseawarenessofopportunitiesandeventstothegeneralpublicaswellasthosededicatedtoenvironmentaleducationandbetterment.

title:	The Dr. Wilderness Show 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drwilderness.com%2F
desc:	Touringsciencemagicshowofferedbyanon-profitcompanyintheU.S.DeliversaninspiringmessageofconservationforplanetEarth,whileteachingscienceandnaturalhistory.

title:	Earthwave Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earthwave.org%2F
desc:	Providesinformationandeducationonbiodiversity,conservationpractices,andutilizationofnaturalresources,focusingitseffortsontroubledrivers,thelossofwetlandhabitatandendangeredfishandwildlifespecies.

title:	EnviroLink: Educational Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.envirolink.org%2Fcategories.html%3Fcatid%3D1
desc:	ListoflinkstoenvironmentalresourcesontheInternet,forK-12teachers.

title:	Environment for Beginners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.environmentforbeginners.com%2F
desc:	Aimstointroducepeopletoseveralaspectsofpollutionandtheirconsequencesfortheworld.

title:	Environmental Institute of Houston: Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uhcl.edu%2Fportal%2Fpage%2Fportal%2FEIH%2Feducation%2F
desc:	AcatalogofprogramsandotherresourcesrelevanttoTexas.

title:	Environmental Leadership Program (ELP) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elpnet.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationofferingfellowshipsandconductingotherprogramstofosterprofessionaldevelopmentintheenvironmentalfield.

title:	The Environmental Studies Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esc.com.cy%2F
desc:	Describesfacilitiesandprogramsforpracticalenvironmentaleducationor"fieldstudies"ontheislandofCyprus.StudentsvisitfromschoolsandcollegesinCyprus,theMiddleEastandWesternEurope.

title:	Loons Forever: Writings on Nature and Nature Conservation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loonsforever.com%2F
desc:	Environmentaleducationthroughnaturewritingonnaturalhistory,natureinterpretation,environmentalethics,conservationpolicyandheritagevalues,includingnaturestories,fables,essays,plays,songsandanimatedpoems.

title:	Nature Study On Line Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.backyardnature.net%2Fnsop%2Fwelcome.htm
desc:	Tipsforbecomingabackyardnaturalist,everythingfromhowtoidentifybirdsandweedstothebasicsofecologyandanimalbehavior.

title:	Office of Environmental Education, U.S. EPA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epa.gov%2Fenviroed%2F
desc:	DescribesU.S.governmentprograms,includinggrantopportunities,inenvironmentaleducation,andlistslinkstoEPAwebsitesforteachersandkids.

title:	Recycled Crafts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciswa.org%2Fresources%2Fcrafts.html
desc:	Usewastematerialstomakecraftsasnotonlyanexcellentwaytorecycle,butalsoasagoodwaytoteach/learnaboutwastereduction.

title:	SeaTrek BVI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seatrekbvi.com%2F
desc:	MarinescienceeducationintheBritishVirginIslands,includingseamanship,marinescience,scubadiving,andsailing.Includesadescriptionofprograms,staff,photoalbum,voyagedetails,andlinks.

title:	SEEK:Sharing Environmental Education Knowledge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seek.state.mn.us%2F
desc:	Minnesota'sinteractivedirectoryofenvironmentaleducationresourceslistsevents,curriculumresources,learningcenters,andotherresources.

title:	Sigurd Olson Environmental Institute of     Northland College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northland.edu%2Fsoei%2F
desc:	Informationaboutoutdooreducationopportunities,andprogramsinenvironmentalwritingandinsupportofwolfandloonconservation.Offerscurriculumguidesandotherresourcesforteachers.

title:	Stan Slaughter, Eco-Troubadour 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stanslaughter.com%2F
desc:	TeacherandseasonedperformerwhotravelsthroughouttheU.S.performingforchildrenandadultsatschools,museums,librariesandfestivals.Combinesinnovativeenvironmentaleducationwithlively,factfilledassembliesandworkshopssupportedbycurriculumresourcematerials.Websitehasextensiveprograminformationandlinks.

title:	USGS Learning Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEnvironment%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Feducation.usgs.gov%2F
desc:	K-12education,exploration,andlife-longlearning.ExploretheEarththroughplantsandanimals,land,water,andmaps.LearnhowBiology,Geology,Hydrology,andGeographycanhelpusunderstandourchangingworld.

title:	EuroEducation.net, Romania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRomania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.euroeducation.net%2Fprof%2Fromco.htm
desc:	Featuresinformationaboutthestructureofeducationsystem,admissionstohighereducationandthestudentlifeinRomania.

title:	Lumina Educational Institutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRomania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lumina.ro%2F
desc:	Includesinformationforstudents,news,photos,andusefularticles.

title:	Romania Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRomania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aboutromania.com%2Feducation.html
desc:	Provideslistingsofuniversities,academies,collegesandlibrariesthroughoutRomania.Includesphotos,news,mapsandclassifieds.

title:	Romania to Study 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRomania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fromania2study.blog.com%2F
desc:	FeaturesinformationandarticlesonRomanianeducation.Alsoincludesdetailsonhighschools,kindergarten,anduniversities.

title:	Romania.edu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRomania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.romania.edu%2F
desc:	AserviceofiRomania.

title:	Romanian Education Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRomania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.roed.org%2F
desc:	Aimingtoimproveeducationalaccessthroughinformationandpayingthefeesfortheexams.AvailableinEnglishandRomanian.

title:	Study in Romania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FEurope%2FRomania%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studyinginromania.com%2F
desc:	AprivateteamofformerinternationalandRomanianstudents,helpingstudentsmovingforstudiesinRomaniafromtheircountry.AlsofeaturesFAQ's,andonlineapplicationform.AvailableinEnglishandFrench.

title:	Luzac College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FMiddelbaar_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luzac.nl%2F
desc:	ScholengemeenschapvoorVWO,HAVOenVMBO-TLopdiverseplaatseninNederland,inBrasschaateninWillemstad.Informatieoverdeopleidingenendewerkwijze.

title:	Maritieme Academie Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FMiddelbaar_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maritieme-academie.nl%2F
desc:	SamenwerkingsverbandtussendeHogeschoolvanAmsterdam,hetNovaCollegeenhetNoordzeecollege.Voormaritiemeopleidingenopvmbo,mboenhbo-niveau.

title:	Vlaams Verbond van het Katholiek Secundair Onderwijs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FMiddelbaar_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vvkso.be%2F
desc:	Woordvoerdervanallekatholiekemiddelbarescholen.Metondermeereengeografischeonderverdelingvanhetstudieaanbod,enbuitenlandseprojectpartners.

title:	YFU 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FMiddelbaar_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yfu.nl%2F
desc:	Gaeenjaar,semesterofzomernaarschoolinhetbuitenland.Leerautomatischeentaal.Bekijkeencultuurvanbinnenuit.

title:	ZienderOgen Kunst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FMiddelbaar_Onderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvo.malmbergmethodes.nl%2Findex.aspx%3FSiteID%3D229
desc:	Onderwijsmethodevoorbeeldendevakken(VMBO-KGT,MAVO,HAVOenVWO).Lesmateriaal,nieuws,eenforumenspelletjes.

title:	Sygeplejeskolen i Aarhus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FDansk%2FSundhed%2FSygepleje%2FUddannelse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sygeplejeskolen-aarhus.dk%2F
desc:	Oversigtoveruddannelseogkurser.Kontaktoplysninger.

title:	Artek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FDansk%2FRegional%2FNordamerika%2FGr%C3%B8nland%2FUddannelse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artek.byg.dtu.dk%2F
desc:	Uddannelseogvidenomkringarktiskeforholdogteknologi.

title:	Bork Havn Efterskole. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=World%2FDansk%2FSundhed%2FSygdomme_og_lidelser%2FUdviklingsforstyrrelser%2FIndl%C3%A6ringsvanskeligheder%2FOrdblindhed%2FSkoler&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bhe-skole.dk%2F
desc:	OrdblindeefterskoleiVestjylland.Traditionelleskolefagogmangevalgfag.

title:	Den Danske Filmskole 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FDansk%2FKultur%2FMedier%2FUddannelse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.filmskolen.dk%2F
desc:	Varetageruddannelserneindenforfilm-,video-,ogTV-produktion.

title:	Film og tv-arbejderforeningen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=World%2FDansk%2FKultur%2FMedier%2FUddannelse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.filmtv.dk%2F
desc:	Filmogtv-produktionsuddannelsen.

title:	AMFI Amsterdam Fashion Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTextiel%2FCursussen_en_Opleidingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amfi.hva.nl%2F
desc:	Vierjarigehbo-opleiding(bachelor)voorberoepenindekleding-enmodebrancheenverwantebedrijvigheid.

title:	Cobot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FZakelijk%2FTextiel%2FCursussen_en_Opleidingen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cobot.be%2F
desc:	Belgischopleidingscentrumvoorarbeidersindetextiel-enbreigoedsector.

title:	Davidskolen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FDansk%2FReference%2FUddannelse%2FGrundskoler%2FBornholm&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davidskolen.dk%2F
desc:	BornholmsKristneFriskole.

title:	Agerskov Kristne Friskole 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=World%2FDansk%2FSamfund%2FReligion%2FKristendom%2FFriskoler&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.agerskovkristnefriskole.dk%2F
desc:	EnprivatkristenfriskoleiAgerskov.Billederogoplysningerogalleskolensaktiviteterogtilbud.

title:	4D Konsulenterne A/S 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=World%2FDansk%2FEdb%2FUndervisning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.4d.dk%2F
desc:	Konsulentvirksomhedmedspecialeikonsulentassistance,undervisning,certificering,systemudviklingogtestsmedudgangspunktisoftwarefrabl.a.Microsoft.

title:	Drygaards astro & optik 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDansk%2FVidenskab%2FNaturvidenskab%2FAstronomi%2FUddannelse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drygaard.dk%2F
desc:	Korteintroduktioner.

title:	Hans Henriks Mars Homepage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDansk%2FVidenskab%2FNaturvidenskab%2FAstronomi%2FUddannelse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fmarsboeren%2F
desc:	Medgrundlagien9.kl.projektopgave.

title:	Institut for Fysik og Astronomi - Aarhus Universitet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDansk%2FVidenskab%2FNaturvidenskab%2FAstronomi%2FUddannelse&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phys.au.dk%2F
desc:	Introduktiontiluddannelsensomastronomsamtforskningsaktiviteter,foredrag,konferencerogpublikationer.

title:	Apparel Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apparel-arts.com%2F
desc:	SanFrancisco,USA.Patternmaking,sewing,tailoring,sketching,draping,couture,andbusinessseminars.

title:	BC Business Development Unit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbdu.borderscollege.ac.uk%2F
desc:	UK.Diversifiedtraininganddevelopmentcompany,involvedintheindustrial,care,financial,managerialandacademicsectors.Productdevelopmentandprogramming,andon-sitetrainingandconsultancyfortheknitwearindustry.PartoftheBordersCollege.

title:	Better Factories Cambodia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.betterfactories.org%2F
desc:	ProgramoftheInternationalLabourOrganizationforimprovementofworkingconditionsintheCambodiangarmentindustry.

title:	CITEVE. Technological Centre for the Textile and Garment Industries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.citeve.pt%2F
desc:	Portugal.Non-profitinstitute,createdtofurtherthedevelopmentoftechnicalandtechnologicalcapacitiesofthelocaltextileandclothingcompanies.Companydirectory.Outlineoftrainingcourses.Listofpublications.FAQ.EnglishandPortuguese.

title:	Elizabeth Galloway 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.safashionacademy.com%2F
desc:	SouthAfrica.Certifiedanddiplomacoursesinfashiondesign.Linktoannualgraduatefashionshow.Listofevents.

title:	Fashion Modeling Careers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fashion-modeling-careers.com%2F
desc:	Adirectoryofresourcesforfashion-relatedoccupationsthatrevolvearoundtherunway.

title:	Fashion Networks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fashion-networks.com%2F
desc:	Internetplatformforprofessionalsinthefashionandclothingindustryforsharingknowledgeandexperience,facilitatingbusinessnetworkingandexploringcareeropportunities.

title:	FashionSchools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fashionschools.com%2F
desc:	USA.Researchandcomparefashionschoolsandprogramsincludingfashiondesign,fashionmerchandising,andfashiontechnology.

title:	NIFT. National Institute of Fashion Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nift.edu.bd%2F
desc:	Bangladesh.Educationalinstitute,offeringavarietyofcoursesintextileandfashiondesignandmerchandising.

title:	Rose Cory Millinery Classes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rosecory.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersone-daysessions.Includestheinstructor'sprofile,detailsofskillstaught,studentfees,andabookingform.LocatedinLondon,UK.

title:	SewEasy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fseweasy.biz%2F
desc:	SriLanka.Workcontentmeasurementtoolsinclothing.

title:	StartingAClothingLine.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FConsumer_Goods_and_Services%2FClothing%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstartingaclothingline.com%2F
desc:	Devotedinhelpingteachpeopleabouthowtodesignclothingandstarttheirownfashionlines.

title:	MISC. Manufacturing Industry Skills Council 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mskills.com.au%2F
desc:	Australia.TrainingandassessmentorganizationfortheAustralianmetalsandengineering,automotivecomponents,aerospace,furnishing,textile,clothingandfootwear,hydrocarbons,oilsandchemicalsmanufacturingindustries.

title:	Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FOceania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmit.edu.au%2Ffashiontextiles
desc:	Australia.TheSchoolofFashionandTextiles.

title:	Amirkabir University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FMiddle_East&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aut.ac.ir%2F
desc:	Iran.TheDepartmentofTextileEngineering.

title:	Shenkar School of Engineering and Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FMiddle_East&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shenkar.ac.il%2F
desc:	Israel.Offerscoursesintextileengineering,design,manufacturingandmarketing,aswellascomputersciencesandplasticsengineering.

title:	Converting School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.convertingschool.com%2F
desc:	USA.EducationalinstitutefoundedbytheAssociationofIndustrialMetallizers,CoatersandLaminators(AIMCAL),providingcoursesinmachineandconvertingtechnologiesandmaterials.

title:	George Brown Toronto City College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gbrownc.on.ca%2FMarketing%2FFTCal%2Ffashion%2FF102.aspx
desc:	Canada.TheFashionManagementProgram.

title:	Georgia Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cerc.gatech.edu%2F
desc:	USA.TheCompositesEducationandResearchCenter.

title:	Georgia Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ptfe.gatech.edu%2F
desc:	USA.TheSchoolofPolymer,TextileandFiberEngineering.

title:	The Jacquard Center Home 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thejacquardcenter.com%2F
desc:	USA.Centerforjacquardweavingeducationandtrainingofartistsandprofessionals.

title:	LIM. Laboratory Institute of Merchandising 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.limcollege.edu%2F
desc:	USA.Collegecoursesinmerchandising,marketing,retailing,publishingandpromotionforthetextile,fashionandfashionaccessories,toys,musicandtelevisionindustries.

title:	Nonwoven Tools, LLC   
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nonwoventools.com%2F
desc:	Educationalresourceforthenonwovensindustry,usingvideoandaudiopresentationstoprovidetrainingcoursesonfibers,cardingandneedlepunchingtononwovenproductionworkers.DefinitionsofnonwoventermsonPDFfiles.

title:	North Carolina State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tx.ncsu.edu%2F
desc:	USA.TheCollegeofTextiles.

title:	Philadelphia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philau.edu%2Fschools%2Ftmt%2Findex.htm
desc:	USA.TheSchoolofEngineering&Textiles.

title:	Texas International Cotton School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.texasintlcottonschool.com%2F
desc:	USA.Two-weekeducationprogramsincottonproduction,processingandmarketing.Detailedcurriculum.

title:	Texas Woman's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.twu.edu%2Ffashion%2F
desc:	USA.DepartmentofFashionandTextiles.

title:	University of California Davis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftextiles.ucdavis.edu%2F
desc:	USA.DivisionofTextilesandClothing.

title:	University of Missouri 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftam.missouri.edu%2F
desc:	USA.TheDepartmentofTextileandApparelManagement.

title:	University of North Texas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.art.unt.edu%2F
desc:	USA.Programsintextile,fashionandinteriordesignintheSchoolofVisualArts.

title:	University of Rhode Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FNorth_America&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.uri.edu%2Ftmd%2F
desc:	USA.TheDepartmentofTextiles,FashionMerchandisingandDesign.

title:	Aachen Textile Center, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aachener-textilzentrum.de%2F
desc:	Germany.Non-profitmembershiporganizationofcompanies,institutionsandindividualsintheGermantextileindustry,involvedinthedevelopmentandpromotionofeducationalprograms,professionaltraining,andresearchandtechnologytransfer.

title:	AUTEX. Association of Universities for Textiles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.autex.org%2F
desc:	Belgium.Umbrellaorganizationofglobaluniversities,offeringtraining,education,researchandtechnologytransferintextiles,andtextilerelatedfacilities.

title:	Dresden University of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftu-dresden.de%2Fdie_tu_dresden%2Ffakultaeten%2Ffakultaet_maschinenwesen%2Fitb%2F
desc:	Germany.TheDepartmentofMechanicalEngineering's,InstituteofTextileandClothingTechnology.

title:	ENDYSI 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.endysi.gr%2F
desc:	Greece.Non-profitorganizationfoundedbytheHellenicFashionIndustryAssociation,dedicatedtoprovidevocationaltrainingtoemployeesintheGreektextileandapparelindustries.EnglishandGreek.

title:	Fachhochschule Niederrhein 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hs-niederrhein.de%2Ffb07%2F
desc:	Germany.TheTextileandClothingDepartment.

title:	The Flooring Guild 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FEurope&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flooring-guild.co.uk%2F
desc:	UK.TrainingandeducationcenterfortheBritishcarpet,rugsandhardsurfaceflooringindustry,focusingoncostestimating,planning,managementskills,salesandcustomerservice.DownloadabledistantlearningprogramsonPDFfiles.

title:	(TaF.tc) Textile & Fashion Industry Training Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftaftc.org%2F
desc:	Singapore.EducationandvocationaltrainingcenterofthelocalTextileandFashionAssociation,aimingtoprovidespecializedshortcertificatecoursesandseminars.Listofpublishedbooksandlinkstorelatedsites.

title:	Ahsanullah University of Science & Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aust.edu%2Ftt%2Facademic_tt.htm
desc:	Bangladesh.TheDepartmentofTextileTechnology.

title:	Dattajirao Kadam Education Society 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dktes.com%2F
desc:	India.TheDepartmentofTextilesintheTextileandEngineeringInstitute.

title:	Feng Chia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.fcu.edu.tw%2FwSite%2Fmp%3Fmp%3D340102
desc:	Taiwan.TheDepartmentofFiberandCompositeMaterials.

title:	Institute of Textiles and Clothing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itc.polyu.edu.hk%2F
desc:	HongKong.DepartmentoftheHongKongPolytechnic,offeringcoursesintextileandgarmentdesign,productionandmanagement.

title:	National Taiwan University of Science and Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tx-e.ntust.edu.tw%2Ffront%2Fbin%2Fhome.phtml
desc:	DepartmentofPolymerEngineering,focusedonresearchandapplicationstudiesforthebiotechnology,optoelectronicandsyntheticfiberindustries.EnglishandChinese.

title:	National Textile University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ntu.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Pakistan.Instituteforbasicandappliedresearchandeducationinyarn,textilefabricsandgarmentmanufacturing,andtextilechemistryandengineering,focusedonthePakistanitextileindustry.

title:	NED University of Engineering & Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neduet.edu.pk%2Ftextile%2Findex.html
desc:	Pakistan.TheDepartmentofTextileEngineering.

title:	NIFD. National Institute of Fashion Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nifd.net%2F
desc:	India.Academiccoursesintextileandfashion,interiorandjewelrydesign,merchandisingandmarketing.

title:	NIFT. National Institute of Fashion Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nift.ac.in%2F
desc:	India.EducationinstitutionoftheIndianMinistryofTextiles,offeringcoursesintextileandleatherdesign,technology,managementandmerchandising.

title:	Shinshu University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shinshu-u.ac.jp%2Fenglish%2F
desc:	Japan.TheFacultyofTextileScienceandTechnology.EnglishandJapanese.

title:	SSM Institute of Textile Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ssmtech.org%2F
desc:	India.Specialisedcoursesinfiberandtextiletechnologies,marketingandmanagement.

title:	The Textile Institute of Pakistan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FTextiles_and_Nonwovens%2FEducation_and_Training%2FAsia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tip.edu.pk%2F
desc:	Coursesindesign,science,technologyandmanagement.

title:	Helsingin yliopisto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FSuomi%2FTiede%2FKasvatustiede&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edu.helsinki.fi%2F
desc:	Kasvatustieteellinentiedekunta.

title:	Orthopedagogiek.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FMaatschappijwetenschappen%2FPedagogiek&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orthopedagogiek.com%2F
desc:	Geeftinformatieoverstoornissenophetgebiedvandeorthopedagogiek,vooronderwijsgevendenenhulpverleners.

title:	Publicaties Daan Thoomes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FMaatschappijwetenschappen%2FPedagogiek&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Fdaanthoomes%2F
desc:	OverzichtvanpublicatiesvanD.Th.Thoomesophetgebiedvanonderwijskundeenpedagogiek.

title:	Universiteit Leiden - Afdeling Algemene en Gezinspedagogiek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FMaatschappijwetenschappen%2FPedagogiek&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fsw.leidenuniv.nl%2Fpedagogiek%2Fagp-d%2F
desc:	Onderwijs,elektronischstudiemateriaal,onderzoeksprojectenenmedewerkers.

title:	Radboud Universiteit Nijmegen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FMaatschappijwetenschappen%2FPoliticologie%2FFaculteiten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ru.nl%2Fpoliticologie%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdebachelor-enmasteropleidingenpoliticologie.Tevensinformatieoverdeledenvandestafenervaringenvanstudenten.

title:	Universiteit Leiden - Departement Politieke Wetenschap 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FMaatschappijwetenschappen%2FPoliticologie%2FFaculteiten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fsw.leidenuniv.nl%2Fpoliticologie%2F
desc:	Informatieoveropleidingen,deorganisatie,medewerkers,onderzoekenrecentverschenenartikelen.

title:	LUISS Guido Carli 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FScienza%2FScienze_Sociali%2FPolitologia%2FDipartimenti_e_Facolt%C3%A0_Universitarie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luiss.it%2Fscienzepolitiche%2F
desc:	SezionediScienzePolitiche.

title:	Guia de l'estudiant curs 2003-2004 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FCatal%C3%A0%2FEducaci%C3%B3%2FUniversitats%2FUniversitat_Aut%C3%B2noma_de_Barcelona%2FFacultat_de_Ci%C3%A8ncies_Pol%C3%ADtiques_i_Sociologia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uab.es%2Fservlet%2FSatellite%3Fblobcol%3Durldocument%26blobheader%3Dapplication%2Fpdf%26blobkey%3Did%26blobtable%3DDocument%26blobwhere%3D1096476519647%26cachecontrol%3Dnever%26ssbinary%3Dtrue
desc:	COmpletaguiaamblesinformacionsqueprecisenelsestudiantsdelaFacultat.

title:	Aarhus Universitet: Institut for Statskundskab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDansk%2FVidenskab%2FSamfundsvidenskab%2FStatskundskab%2FAkademiske_institutioner&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ps.au.dk%2F
desc:	Publikationer,studier,bibliotek,foreningerogdebatforum.

title:	University of Aarhus Department of Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FDenmark&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ps.au.dk%2F
desc:	Staff,publications,studyprogramsandorganizations.

title:	Fach Politik der Hochschule Vechta 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FDeutsch%2FWissenschaft%2FSozialwissenschaften%2FPolitologie%2FFakult%C3%A4ten_und_Institute%2FDeutschland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uni-vechta.de%2Findex.php%3Fid%3D444
desc:	VorstellungdesFachs.

title:	Bishop's University: Political Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ubishops.ca%2Facademic-programs%2Ffaculty-of-arts-and-science%2Fsocial-sciences%2Fpolitics-and-international-studies%2F
desc:	Overviewofprogramsoffered,coursedescriptions,faculty,resources,andrelatedinformationforstudents.

title:	Brock University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brocku.ca%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	BAandMAprograms,St.Catharines,Ontario.

title:	Carleton University - Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carleton.ca%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Faculty,graduateandundergraduateprogramdetails,research,andrelatedinformation.

title:	Dalhousie University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dal.ca%2Ffaculty%2Farts%2Fpoliticalscience.html
desc:	Offersanewsletterandcourseschedules.

title:	Laurentian University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=https%3A%2F%2Flaurentian.ca%2Fprogram%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Providesnews,faculty,courses,schedules,andcareerinformation.

title:	McMaster University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.mcmaster.ca%2F
desc:	Featuresnews,events,andjobpostings.

title:	Memorial University of Newfoundland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mun.ca%2Fposc%2F
desc:	Informationincludesfaculty,internships,andcourses.

title:	Mount Allison University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mta.ca%2Fprograms%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Includescourses,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Ryerson University - Politics and Public Administration Dept. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ryerson.ca%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Offersarangeofprogramsinpoliticalscience,includingMAandBAdegrees.Informationaboutfaculty,staff,news,andcourseoverview.

title:	Simon Fraser University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfu.ca%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Includesinformationongraduateandundergraduateprograms.

title:	St. Francis Xavier University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stfx.ca%2Ffaculties%2Farts%2Fpolitical_science%2F
desc:	Includesnews,faculty,courses,andcalendar.LocatedinAntigonish,NovaScotia.

title:	St. Thomas University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fw3.stu.ca%2Fstu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical_science%2F
desc:	Includesinformationoncoursesandfaculty.

title:	Trent University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trentu.ca%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Courseofferings,facultyprofiles,careerplanning,andinternshipopportunities.

title:	University College of the Cariboo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tru.ca%2Farts%2Fphp%2Fpoliticalstudies.html
desc:	Courseoverviewandfacultycontactinformation.

title:	University of Calgary 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoli.ucalgary.ca%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonfacultymembers,courses,admissionsproceduresandcurrentnews.

title:	University of Guelph 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polisci.uoguelph.ca%2F
desc:	Offersbothabachelorsandamastersdegree.Includesfacultyandcourseinformation.

title:	University of Lethbridge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uleth.ca%2Fartsci%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Includescoursedescriptions,aprogramplanningguide,andfaculty.

title:	University of Manitoba 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fumanitoba.ca%2Ffaculties%2Farts%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical_studies%2F
desc:	Includesnewsandevents,programs,andfaculty.

title:	University of New Brunswick 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unb.ca%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Farts%2Fpolitical-science.html
desc:	Informationonprograms,courses,faculty,andcareers.

title:	University of Ottawa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencessociales.uottawa.ca%2Fpol%2F
desc:	InFrenchandEnglish.

title:	University of Regina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uregina.ca%2Farts%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	BA.

title:	University of Saskatchewan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartsandscience.usask.ca%2Fpoliticalstudies%2F
desc:	Offersaprogramoverview,detailsofundergraduateandgraduateprograms,awardsandscholarships,coursetimetables,andnews.

title:	University of Toronto 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chass.utoronto.ca%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Overviewofthedepartment,undergraduateandgraduateinformation,facultylistings,newsletter,andevents.

title:	University of Victoria 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvic.ca%2Fsocialsciences%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Faculty,staff,andstudents.

title:	University of Waterloo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.uwaterloo.ca%2F
desc:	OffersinformationabouttheDepartmentofPoliticalScienceintheFacultyofArtsattheuniversity.Includesundergraduateandgraduatestudyguides,news,researchinformation,andlinks.

title:	University of Western Ontario 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.uwo.ca%2F
desc:	Includesinformationabouttheundergraduate,graduate,andinternshipstudyprogramsincludingfaculty,administration,researchgroups,admissions,courseofferings,andfinancialsupport.

title:	Wilfrid Laurier University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wlu.ca%2Farts%2Fpoliticalscience
desc:	Membersofthefacultyteachandconductresearchinallmajorareasofthediscipline.

title:	York University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FCanada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glendon.yorku.ca%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	BA,MA,andPh.D.programs.

title:	Association for Career and Technical Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acteonline.org%2F
desc:	Anationaleducationassociationdedicatedtotheadvancementofeducationthatpreparesyouthandadultsforcareers.Itsmissionistoprovideeducationalleadershipindevelopingacompetitiveworkforce.

title:	Automotive Youth Educational Systems (AYES) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ayes.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitorganizationwhichprovidesmechanicaltraininginlinewiththeAYESinitiative.DetailsofschoolslocatedacrosstheUS.Whitepapers,newsandpartnerdetails.

title:	Career Training Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.careertrainingdirectory.com%2F
desc:	Thedirectorysegmentsvocationalfieldssothatyoucanfindtheinformationyouneedtostartanewcareer.

title:	Cedefop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cedefop.europa.eu%2F
desc:	TheEuropeanagencythathelpspolicymakersandpractitionersoftheEuropeanCommission,theMemberStatesandsocialpartnerorganisationsacrossEuropemakeinformedchoicesaboutvocationaltrainingpolicy.

title:	Degrees to Succeed 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.degreestosucceed.com%2F
desc:	ListingofU.S.andCanadianvocationalschoolsofferingassociatedegreesinanimation,automotivetechnology,business,culinaryarts,design,andIT.

title:	The Electronic Training Village 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainingvillage.gr%2F
desc:	Informationinthefieldofvocationaleducationandtraining(VET)inEurope.

title:	International Association for Continuing Education and Training (IACET) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iacet.org%2F
desc:	Anon-profitassociationofeducationandtrainingorganizationsandindividualsdevotedtotheconstructiveandconsistentuseofthecontinuingeducationunitandtotheimprovementofthequalityandeffectivenessofcontinuingeducation,trainingandhumanresourcedevelopment.

title:	Lincoln Technical Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lincolntech.com%2F
desc:	TradeschoolwithlocationsinNewJersey,Pennsylvania,Indiana,Illinois,MarylandandTexas.OfferingHVAC,electronicengineering,computertechnician,automotivetechnician,automechanic,anddieselmechanics.

title:	Mechanic schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mechanicschools.com%2F
desc:	GuidetoAutomotive,Aircraft,andNascarmechanicschoolsintheUnitedStates

title:	National Association for Career Technical Education Information 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnactei.org%2F
desc:	America'spremierorganizationfordevelopmentandimprovementofvocational-technicaleducationinformation,finance,andaccountabilitysystems.

title:	National Association of State Directors of Career Technical Education Consortium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.careertech.org%2F
desc:	Anorganizationofstateandterritorialvocationaleducationagencyheadscommittedtoleadershipandoutstandingperformanceinvocationaltechnicaleducation.

title:	The National Center for Construction Education and Research (NCCER) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nccer.org%2F
desc:	Developsandpublishesstandardizedconstructionandmaintenancecurricula,safetyprograms,managementeducation,industryimagematerialsandcraftskillsassessments.

title:	National Center for Research in Vocational Education (NCRVE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fncrve.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	America'slargestcenterengagedinresearch,development,disseminationandoutreachinwork-relatededucation.

title:	Office of Vocational and Adult Education (OVAE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ed.gov%2Fabout%2Foffices%2Flist%2Fovae%2F
desc:	Supportsawiderangeofprogramsandactivitiesthathelpyoungpeopleandadultsobtaintheknowledgeandskillstheyneedforsuccessfulcareersandproductivelives.

title:	SkillsUSA-VICA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skillsusa.org%2F
desc:	Anationalorganizationservingmorethan245,000highschoolandcollegestudentsandprofessionalmemberswhoareenrolledintrainingprogramsintechnical,skilled,andserviceoccupations,includinghealthoccupations.

title:	Tech Directions Magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.techdirections.com%2F
desc:	TechDirectionsisatradejournalforteachersandadministratorsofcareer/technicalandtechnologyvocationaleducation.Itcontainssourcesofinformationtailoredespeciallyforcareer/technicalandtechnologyeducators.

title:	Trade-School.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trade-school.org%2F
desc:	Aresourceforlocatingtradeschools.Featuringlocationsforbusiness,computer,andcookingprograms,andschoolsofferinggraphic,webandfashiondesign.

title:	Trade-schools.net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trade-schools.net%2F
desc:	Onlineresourceofbusiness,graphicdesign,informationtechnologyandculinaryvocationalschoolsinUSandCanada.

title:	Vocational Information Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.khake.com%2F
desc:	Careerexplorationdirectorythatprovideslinkstoresourcessuchas:careerdescriptions,careerplanning,tradeandtechnicalschools,workplaceskillsandissues,jobhunting,andvocationaleducation.

title:	WorldSkills International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldskills.org%2F
desc:	Providesameansofexchangeandcomparisonofworld-classcompetencystandardsintheindustrialtradesandservicesectorsoftheglobaleconomy.Includeshistory,competitiondetailsandinformationoncompetitors.

title:	WorldwideLearn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FSubjects%2FVocational&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldwidelearn.com%2Fvocational-training.htm
desc:	Theworld'slargestdirectoryofonlineeducationalcoursesandprograms.ThecorporateheadquartersinAlberta,CanadapartnerswithmanyU.S.schoolstoprovidealistofresourcesforonlineeducation.

title:	Active Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=World%2FFran%C3%A7ais%2FR%C3%A9gional%2FEurope%2FSuisse%2FCantons%2FGen%C3%A8ve%2FEnseignement_et_formation%2FDisciplines%2FLangues&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.activelanguages.com%2F
desc:	Coursdelanguespourenfants,adolescentsetadultes.[Aussienanglais.]

title:	Awesome Library - K-12 Social Studies Lesson Plans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.awesomelibrary.org%2FClassroom%2FSocial_Studies%2FSocial_Studies.html
desc:	CarefullyreviewedK-12educationresources.

title:	Abelard Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abelard.com.au%2F
desc:	Provideroftechnicalwritingservices,technicalwriterplacementservices,andtrainingintechnicalandscientificwriting.Featurescoursedetails,companyprofileandsummaryofpapersbyAbelardconsultants.Melbourne,Victoria,Australia.

title:	Aksomitis, Linda 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Faksomitis.com%2F
desc:	AuthorteachescoursesinhowtowritefortheInternetandhowtopublishandselle-books.

title:	Algonkian Conferences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.algonkianconferences.com%2F
desc:	Novelwritingandworkshopevents,pitchconferencesandretreats,heldinseveralplaceswithintheUnitedStates.ContainsFAQ,syllabusandfacultyprofiles.BasedinWashington,D.C.

title:	Allaboutwriting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fallaboutwritingcourses.com%2F
desc:	Offersonlineandlocalbusinessandcreativewritingcourses,includingonwritingforchildren,romance,travel,andmemoirwriting.CraighallPark,Johannesburg,SouthAfrica.

title:	Author Learning Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.authorlearningcenter.com%2F
desc:	Acommunitythatofferstipsandtoolsandasupportnetworktohelptheauthorwhowishestopublishabook.

title:	Authorgraphic's Technical Writing Courses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.technicalwritingcourse.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersinstructor-led,on-sitetrainingintechnicalwriting.Providesprofile,coursedetailsandtestimonials.Gloucester,UK.

title:	Basic Learning Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.basic-learning.com%2F
desc:	Businesswritingcoursesandworkbooksthatcovertopicslikeletters,memos,grammarandsentencestructure.Alsoofferson-sitetraining.Containstrainerprofilesandservicesdetails.

title:	Berry Writing Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.berrywritinggroup.com%2F
desc:	Offersseminarsandonlinetrainingforbusinesswritingandpresentations.Includeseffectiveness,grammar,speaking,writing/revising,andcooperativeclimate.

title:	Blockbuster Plots 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fblockbusterplots.com%2F
desc:	MarthaAldersonoffersplotconsultationsoverthetelephoneandviaSkype,aswellasplotworkshopsandbooktalksviawebinar.Containsservicesdetailsandinformationaboutherbooks.

title:	The Book Professor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thebookprofessor.com%2F
desc:	NonfictionbookcoachNancyErickson,helpsaspiringauthors.

title:	Business Writing That Counts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.businesswritingthatcounts.com%2F
desc:	Offerson-siteandonlinebusinesswritingcoursestoimprovebusinesscommunications,writingcoachingandeditingservices.Featuresservicesdetailsandresources.

title:	Center for Autobiographic Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centerautobio.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationforthecreationandpreservationofautobiographicworks.Containslistingofcoursesbystate.

title:	Children's Book Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensbookacademy.com%2F
desc:	Learntowritechildren'sbooksthroughdownloadablevideolecturesbynotedauthorandteacherEricSuben.Onlinehomeworkandmanuscriptsubmission,liveinstructorchat,discussiongroups,andpublishingworkshops.

title:	Clear and Concise Writing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclearandconcisewriting.com%2F
desc:	WileyBrooksoffersanonlineworkshopwithtipsandtechniquestowritemoreclearlyandconcisely.Includesaprofileandcourseoutline.

title:	Creative Journeys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativejourneys.net%2F
desc:	GailBaldenpresentswritersretreatsinasmallgroupsetting.Nopreviouswritingexperienceisnecessary.Nehalem,Oregon,UnitedStates.

title:	The Creativity Workshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativityworkshop.com%2F
desc:	Teachesindividualstodeveloptheiruniquecreativity.Establishedin1993byeducatorandwriterShelleyBercandeducatorandmultimediaartistAlejandroFogel.

title:	Critters Workshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcritique.org%2F
desc:	Offerson-lineworkshopsandcritiquegroupsforwritersofallgenres.

title:	Dark Angels 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dark-angels.org.uk%2F
desc:	AseriesofresidentialwritingcoursestutoredbyJohnSimmons,StuartDelvesandJamieJaunceyatlocationsthroughouttheUKandEurope.Containscoursedetails,tutorprofilesandtestimonials.

title:	Discovering Story Magic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.discoveringstorymagic.com%2F
desc:	LauraBakerandRobinPeriniconductsessionsoncombiningcharacter,conflict,plotandturningpoints.Handoutpacketsandclasseswithfulllessonsarealsoavailableforpurchase.

title:	ELD Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eldtraining.com%2F
desc:	Trainingcourses,toolkitsandmanuals,distancetrainingprogramsandcustomizedtrainingandconsultancyservices.Includesschedule,enrollmentformandcompanyprofile.Winsford,Cheshire,UnitedKingdom.

title:	Emphasis Training Limited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writing-skills.com%2F
desc:	Offerswritingcoursesandconsultancyincludingwritingproposals,tenders,emails,letters,grammarandpunctuation.Containsservicesdetailsandblog.Brighton,EastSussex,UnitedKingdom.

title:	Eston Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.estontrg.com%2F
desc:	Technicalandcommercialauthortrainingwritingcoursesaswellasone-on-onecourseswithapersonaltutor.IncludesFAQandfeedetails.Stapeley,Nantwich,UnitedKingdom.

title:	Gay Walley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nycwritingcoach.com%2F
desc:	AwritingcoachbasedinNewYorkCity,specializinginmemoir,novel,non-fiction,bookproposalandgraduatedissertation/thesiscoaching.Alsooffersworkshops.Providescredentialsandservicesdetails.

title:	Gotham Writers' Workshop Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.writingclasses.com%2F
desc:	CreativewritingschooloffersclassesinNewYorkCityandonline.

title:	Instructional Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.instructionalsolutions.com%2F
desc:	Trainsandcoachesbusinesspeopletowritebetter,onlineoronsite.Containscoursedetails,writingtipsandblog.Princeton,NewJersey,UnitedStates.

title:	Joel Trains Authors 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjoeltrainsauthors.com%2F
desc:	Amethodforwritingabookquickly.Frequentwritingandpublishingtips.JoelOrr.

title:	Joyful Quill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjoyfulquill.com%2F
desc:	OffersAmherstWritersandArtistsworkshops,JournaltotheSelfworkshops,andtheJoyfulQuillJoyofWritingworkshop.

title:	Just Write 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.justwrite.net.au%2F
desc:	PamelaCookprovideswritingcoursesandworkshops,mentoringandcoachingservices,storycritiques,writingsupportinformation,monthlynewsletterandforums.

title:	The Language Lab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelanguagelab.ca%2F
desc:	OnlinebusinessandESLwritingcoursesforprofessionals,individualandcorporate.Alsoofferswritingcoachingservices.

title:	Learn Freelancing Proofreading Courses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learnfreelancing.com%2F
desc:	Freelanceproofreadingandeditingcourses,bycorrespondenceor.PDFdownload.Offersathree-partcoursewithfreeextraexercises.

title:	The LifeStory Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelifestoryinstitute.com%2F
desc:	Workshopsonwritingmemoirs,autobiographiesorfamilyhistories.Magazineandbooksareavailable.

title:	Lisa Tener - Book Writing Coach 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lisatener.com%2Fblog
desc:	Bookwritingandpublishingposts,advice,tips,newsandinterviews.

title:	The London School of Journalism 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.home-study.com%2F
desc:	Providesjournalismcourses,freelancejournalismclassesandcreativewritinglessonsbydistancelearning.

title:	LR Communication Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lrcom.com%2F
desc:	Writingcoursesandseminars,technicalwritingprograms,presentationskillstrainingwithonline,on-site,self-study,andcorrespondenceoptions.Focusonbusinesscommunications.

title:	Matterhorn Language Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mhl-writing.com%2F
desc:	Businesswritingcoursesforcompanyemployees.Buckingham,UnitedKingdom.

title:	The Memoir Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthememoirnetwork.com%2F
desc:	Professionalauthorof"TurningMemoriesIntoMemoirs"offerstrainingonhowtoturnpersonalstoriesintowrittenbiographiesinteleclasses.Willghostwrite,andcoachaswell.

title:	The New WritePro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writepro.com%2F
desc:	OfferscreativewritingtutorialsbySolStein.

title:	Nigel Grant Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nigelgrant.co.uk%2F
desc:	Businesscommunicationsconsultancythatofferstraining,editing,coachingandwriting.Containsservicesdetailsandtestimonials.Chatham,Kent,UnitedKingdom.

title:	North American School Of Outdoor Writing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffishingincanada.com%2Foutdoorwriting%2F
desc:	Journalist/columnistRogerBruntprovidesaprogramthatteacheshowtocreateandsellstoriesabouttheoutdoors,withafocusonoutdoorsportsmagazines.ContainscourseoutlineandFAQ.

title:	Now Novel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nownovel.com%2F
desc:	Mentoringserviceforwriters,especiallygearedtonovelists.

title:	Online Writing Workshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onlinewritingworkshop.com%2F
desc:	Offerswriters'communitiesinwhichwriterscangetfeedbackontheirworksinprogress,improvetheirwritingthroughcritiquingothers,andmeetfellowaspiringwriters.Feebased.

title:	PitchMaps 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pitchmaps.com%2F
desc:	Providescorporatewritingandcommunicationstrainingusingtheprinciplesandtoolsthatadvertisersandmarketersusetogettheirmessageacross.

title:	Professional Writing Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pwg.umd.edu%2F
desc:	OfferscustomizedtrainingandeditorialservicesintheWashington/Baltimorearea.Containscasestudiesandservicesdetails.

title:	Quality of Course Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.qualityofcourse.com%2F
desc:	Writingcoursesbycorrespondence.Teachescreativewriting,business,memoir,romanceandnovelwriting.

title:	Storyworks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storyworks.com.au%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesandretreatsinlifewriting,whichcanbedonebyattendanceinSydney,Australiaorbyemailcorrespondence.

title:	Triple Crown Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftriplecrowncom.com%2F
desc:	Offersonlinecoursesingrammar,EnglishasaSecondLanguageandPlainLanguage,trainingseminars,proposalandreportwritingandediting,ITsystemsdocumentation.Rockville,MarylandandWashingtonDCareas.

title:	Ty Newydd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tynewydd.wales%2F
desc:	Thenationalwriters'centreofWales.Itstutorsareallprofessionalwriters.Offerscourses,retreats,andwriters'resources.Llanystumdwy,northWales.

title:	VanWrite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanwrite.com%2F
desc:	LindaVanderwoldprovidesbusinesswritingtraininginweb-based,on-site,andDVDformats.Softwaresupportseditingmethodstaught.Describescoursecontentandtestimonials.

title:	Verve Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.businesswriting.org.uk%2F
desc:	Provideswritingcoursesdesignedtoimprovecommunicationandbusinesswritingskillsofemployeesandmanagement.Featurestrainerprofilesandcoursedetails.London,UnitedKingdom.

title:	The Write Inn 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thewriteinn.co.uk%2F
desc:	AnonlinecreativewritingcourserunbyNigelBaldwin,anawardingwinningwriterof30yearsstandingintelevision,stageandradio.

title:	The Write Way 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thewriteway.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offersin-companyandsmallgroupbusinesswritingtrainingprograms,includingcoursesinreportwriting,effectivecustomerserviceletters,plainEnglishandwritingclearprocedures.Offeredinpersonoronline.Nottingham,UnitedKingdom.

title:	Write Your Publishable Book in a Weekend Retreat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwriteyourbestsellerinaweekend.com%2F
desc:	TomBirddesignedamethodforthewritingofabookandgettingitpublished.Containsretreatschedule,authornewsandvideotestimonials.

title:	WriteByNight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writebynight.net%2F
desc:	Aone-on-oneservicethathelpswritersachievetheircreativepotentialandliterarygoals.NewYorkCity,NewYork.

title:	Writer Within Workshops 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writerwithinworkshops.com%2F
desc:	LyndaAronofferswritingworkshops.BasedinNewYork.

title:	The Writer's Diet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwritersdiet.com%2F
desc:	Freeonlinetoolhelpsdiagnoseverbalfitnesslevelsandfirmupsentences.Suitableforwritersatanylevel.HelenSword.

title:	Writer's Digest University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writersonlineworkshops.com%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesinfiction,nonfiction,poetry,shortstory/essayandfreelance/copywriting.

title:	The Writer's Loft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thewritersloft.com%2F
desc:	DetailsofwritingworkshopseriesconductedbyJerryCleaverinChicago,Illinois.

title:	Writers on the Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writers.com%2F
desc:	Agroupofwritersandteachersofferavarietyofonlinecoursesinnonfictionandfiction.

title:	Writers Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writerstudio.com%2F
desc:	ProvideswritingclassesinNewYorkCity,Tucson,SanFrancisco,Amsterdam,andonline.Alsooffersindividualtutorialsinperson,viaSkypeorphone.NewYork,NewYork.

title:	Writers' Village University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.writersvillage.com%2Fwvu2%2F
desc:	Fiction,non-fictionandpoetrywritingcoursesandworkshopsareavailabletomembers.Otherfeaturesincludepersonalprofilepages,chatanddiscussionforums.

title:	WritersCollege 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writerscollege.com%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesdeliveredbyemail,taughtbywriters.IncludesFAQ,studenthandbookandfeesdetails.

title:	The Writing Coach 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthewritingcoach.co.uk%2F
desc:	LiteraryconsultancyandcoachingforwritersfromJacquiLofthouse.

title:	The Writing Exchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writingexchange.com%2F
desc:	Aconsultingfirmspecializinginsalescoaching,customerserviceskillstesting,specialwritingprojects,andpracticallearningaids.

title:	Writing Information and Tips With Elizabeth Bezant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writing-information-and-tips.com%2F
desc:	Practicaladviceandsuggestionswithwritingcoursesandacommunity.

title:	The Writing Studio 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.writingstudio.co.za%2F
desc:	Offersworkshopsandcorrespondencecoursesforscreenwritingandcreativewriting,aswellasindividualtraining.SouthAfrica.

title:	WritingForResults 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FBusiness_Services%2FCommunications%2FEducation_and_Training%2FWriting&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwritingforresults.org%2F
desc:	OffersworkshopsinOttawa,Ontarioforthosewhopreparebriefingnotesforcabinetministersandseniorexecutives.

title:	Birkbeck College, University of London: School of Politics and Sociology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbk.ac.uk%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Offersdegreeinformation,facultyprofiles,andnews.Alsofeaturesdescriptionsofcoursesandstudyaids.

title:	Birmingham, University of - International Development Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idd.bham.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Offerspostgraduatedegreeprograms,training,research,andadvisoryandprojectmanagementservices.Addressesgovernance,reform,publicmanagement,povertyreduction,andaccountability.

title:	Goldsmiths College: Department of Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gold.ac.uk%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Undergraduateandpostgraduateprograms,aswellasstaffprofiles,researchreports,andanInternetdirectory.

title:	Huddersfield, University of - Economics and Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hud.ac.uk%2Fcourses%2Ffull-time%2Fundergraduate%2Feconomics-and-politics-bsc-hons%2F
desc:	IntheDepartmentofBehaviouralSciences.Offersinformationondegreeprograms,admissions,overseasexchangeprograms,andworkplacement.Alsofeaturesashowcaseofstaffpublicationsandstudentwork.

title:	Keele University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keele.ac.uk%2Fdepts%2Fspire%2F
desc:	OffersdetailsforcurrentandprospectivestudentsoftheSchoolofPolitics,InternationalRelationsandtheEnvironment.Featuresworkingpapers,researchnews,andcareeropportunities.

title:	Leicester, The University of 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.le.ac.uk%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Resourcesforcurrentandprospectivestudents,aswellasastafflistandcontactinformation.

title:	London School of Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lse.ac.uk%2Fgovernment%2F
desc:	OffersinformationforcurrentandprospectivestudentsoftheDepartmentofGovernment.Includesdescriptionsofresearchprojects,staffinterests,aswellasinformationonconferences.

title:	Plymouth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plymouth.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthecollegeprovided.Alsoincludesinformationforprospectiveandinternationalstudents,businessandenterprise,schools,thecommunity,alumniandgraduates.

title:	Royal Holloway, University of London 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.royalholloway.ac.uk%2Fpoliticsandir%2F
desc:	Latestnews,collegeinformation,research,studying,events,andcontactdetails.Informationforstudentsalumni,business,schools,andstaff.

title:	St Antony's College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sant.ox.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Officialsite.Introductionandhistory,admissionsinformation,staffdetails,facilities,andpagesforalumni.

title:	University College London 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucl.ac.uk%2Fssees%2Fprospective-students%2Fundergraduate%2Fpolitics-and-sociology
desc:	SchoolofSlavonic&EastEuropeanStudies

title:	University of Aberdeen Department of Politics and International Relations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abdn.ac.uk%2Fpir%2F
desc:	Offersinformationonfacultypublications,news,researchinformation,andalistofrelatedresources.

title:	The University of Birmingham: Department of Political Science and International Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bham.ac.uk%2FPOLSIS%2F
desc:	Featuresinformationforprospectivestudentsonundergraduateandpostgraduatedegreeprograms,includingadescriptionofongoingresearchandacalendarofevents.

title:	The University of Bristol: Sociology, Politics and International Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bristol.ac.uk%2Fspais%2F
desc:	Includesadmissionsinformation,staffprofiles,calendarofeventsandnews,samplepublications,andacollectionofrelatedlinks.

title:	University of Cambridge: Department of Politics and International Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polis.cam.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Includesinformationforprospectiveundergraduateandpostgraduatestudents,newsandevents,researchgroupsanddata,andadirectoryofusefullinks.

title:	The University of Durham: Department of Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dur.ac.uk%2Fsgia%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonadmissions,teaching,andstaff.Alsooffersinformationonresearchgroupsandseminars,aswellascontactdetails.

title:	The University of Edinburgh: Department of Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pol.ed.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Featurescontactinformationforfacultyandstaff,aswellasdescriptionsofdegreeprogramsandseminars.Alsoincludesanarchiveofarticles.

title:	The University of Essex: Department of Government 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.essex.ac.uk%2Fgovernment%2F
desc:	Featuresstaffprofiles,degreeplans,publications,news,andevents.

title:	The University of Hull Department of Politics and International Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hull.ac.uk%2Fpas%2F
desc:	Providesgeneralinformationaboutthedepartment,courserequirements,degreeandadmissionsdetails,studentsupport,relatedcareers,graduatesassociation,staff,andresearchprograms.

title:	University of Stirling: Department of Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stir.ac.uk%2Farts-humanities%2Fabout%2Fhistory-politics%2F
desc:	Coursesoffered,staffprofiles,contactdetails,FAQsanddepartmentnoticeboardwithnewsandevents.

title:	The University of: Department of Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FEurope%2FUnited_Kingdom&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gla.ac.uk%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Featuresadescriptionofthedepartment,coursesofstudy,andfacultyprofiles.Alsooffersinformationongrants,currentresearch,andcareerprospects.

title:	Challenging RE 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FReligious_Studies%2FK-12&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.angelfire.com%2Fpe%2Fpennyt%2F
desc:	DealswithreligiouseducationinEnglandandWales.Offerspapersonthelaw,adebatewithJohnHull,commentonQCA,andotherresourcesforparentsandteachersinvolvedinsecondaryRE.

title:	Dialogue Australiasia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FReligious_Studies%2FK-12&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdialogueaustralasia.org%2F
desc:	ResourcesforteachingtheFiveStrandsapproachtoreligiousandvalueseducationinAustralia.IncludescommentaryonthedevelopmentoftheFiveStrands,alistofschoolsinvolved,andteachingunitsavailablefordownload.

title:	National Association of Teachers of Religious Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FReligious_Studies%2FK-12&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.natre.org.uk%2F
desc:	UKsubjectteacherassociationforREprofessionalsinprimaryandsecondaryschoolsandhighereducation.IncludesnewsandResourcemagazinearticlesfordownload.

title:	The Parrotfish Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FReligious_Studies%2FK-12&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parrotfish.co.uk%2F
desc:	Multiculturalandreligiousresourcesforuseinschoolsandothereducationalsettings,alsophotographs,children'sworkshopsandinservicetrainingforteachers.

title:	RE Today Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FReligious_Studies%2FK-12&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.retoday.org.uk%2F
desc:	Resourcestosupporttheteachingofthemajorworldfaithsinreligiouseducation.IncludesdetailsofforthcomingtrainingcoursesintheUK.

title:	RE:Quest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FReligious_Studies%2FK-12&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.request.org.uk%2F
desc:	ResourcesforteachingaboutChristianityinReligiousEducation,suitableforKeyStages1to4.Includesworksheetsandresourcesforstudents.

title:	Scarleteen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scarleteen.com%2F
desc:	Comprehensiveadvice,helpandinformationaboutsexuality,sexualhealthandrelationshipsforteensandyoungadults.

title:	Center for Positive Sexuality 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.positivesexuality.org%2F
desc:	Providecomprehensive,sex-positiveeducationandinformationaboutmarginalizedsexualgroups.

title:	Coalition for Positive Sexuality 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.positive.org%2FHome%2Findex.html
desc:	Sexpositiveinformationandresourcesforteens.

title:	Family Planning Advocates of NYS, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.familyplanningadvocates.org%2F
desc:	Supportsaccurateandage-appropriatesexeducationforNewYorkStateyouth.

title:	Family Planning Council of Iowa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fpcouncil.com%2F
desc:	Providesinformationoncontraception,sexuallytransmitteddiseases,andreproductivehealthcare.

title:	GetSexGyan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.getsexgyan.com%2F
desc:	Asexualhealthwebsitecoveringawidevarietyofteenageissues.

title:	National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thenationalcampaign.org%2F
desc:	Seekstoimprovethewell-beingofchildren,youth,andfamiliesbyreducingpregnancyamongteenagers.

title:	National Survey of Sexual Health and Behavior 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalsexstudy.indiana.edu%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthefirstlargesexualresearchsurveyinseveraldecades.

title:	Resource Center for Adolescent Pregnancy Prevention 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Frecapp.etr.org%2Frecapp%2F
desc:	ReCAPPprovidescomprehensiveeducationalprogramstohelppreventteenpregnancy.

title:	Sensual Fusion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsensualfusion.com%2Fsf%2Fhome.htm
desc:	Sexeducatorsandexpertsshareinformationaboutsexualsatisfactionandhealth.Includesaudioandvideoclips.

title:	Sex Trivia Test 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spermbrain.com%2Fsex-trivia-test%2F
desc:	Gaugeyoursextriviaskillsonafiftyquestionsextriviatest.

title:	Sex, Etc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sexetc.org%2F
desc:	Adviceforteensaboutsex,loveandrelationships,teenpregnancy,birthcontrol,condoms,smoking,alcohol,anddrugs.

title:	Sexperience 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsexperienceuk.channel4.com%2F
desc:	Raisesawarenessaboutsexeducationbyprovidingvideosandclipsthatofferdifferentpersonalexperiencesofsexualissues.

title:	Sexpressions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsexpressions.ca%2F
desc:	Sexualeducationideas,resourcesandprogramsforyouth.[Montreal,Canada.]

title:	Sexuality Education and Counseling Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsecstalk.org%2F
desc:	Comprehensive,sex-positivehealtheducationincludingworkshops,training,andcounselingservices.

title:	Sexy Questions and Answers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spermbrain.com%2Fsexy-questions%2F
desc:	Mr.Scienceanswerscommonsexquestionsforpeopleofallages.

title:	SHine SA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shinesa.org.au%2F
desc:	SouthAustraliangovernmentagencyprovidesresourcesandinformationonthetopicsofsexualhealth,education,advocacy,andsupport.

title:	U.S. Age of Consent Chart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ageofconsent.us%2F
desc:	Ageofconsentinformationbystate.

title:	Worldwide Age of Consent Chart 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FSexuality%2FSex_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.avert.org%2Faofconsent.htm
desc:	Publishestheagepeoplecanlegallyhavesexincountriesaroundtheworld.

title:	Whyville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.whyville.net%2Fsmmk%2Fnice
desc:	Afreewebsitededicatedtolearningthroughexplorationandcommunication.

title:	101 Science & Technology for Amateurs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.101science.com%2F
desc:	Scienceandothertechnologysubjectsforhomelearningcenters,amateurradiooperators,andamateurscientists.

title:	ANOVA Science Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anovascience.com%2F
desc:	ServicespublicandprivateschooldistrictsandschoolsonthecontinentalUSAandinHawaiithroughteacherandadministratorseminarsandworkshops.

title:	Arctic Science Journeys Radio (ASJ) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fseagrant.uaf.edu%2Fnews%2FMoreASJ.html
desc:	Afreeradioserviceofferingstoriesaboutscience,culture,andtheenvironmentoftheFarNorth.Includesarchives[lastaudioupdatein2005].

title:	Ask Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdrjek2mrhy.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Answerstoavarietyofscienceandtechnologyquestions,includingquestionsyouneverthoughttoask.

title:	BBC - Radio 4 - The Sound of Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Fradio4%2Fscience%2Fsoundoflife.shtml
desc:	Archivedrecordingsofthenatureprogramaboutsoundandhowit'sused.

title:	BBC Earth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.com%2Fearth%2F
desc:	Informationabouthumans,animals,space,theplanetEarthandvarioushottopics.IncludesTVlistings,ListenAgainonlineradio,newsreports,quizzes,picturegalleriesandgames.

title:	BBC Radio 4: Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Fradio4%2Fprogrammes%2Fgenres%2Ffactual%2Fscienceandnature
desc:	RegularseriesprogrammesplusolderoccasionalseriesanddocumentariesavailableliveorwithListenAgain.Includesupcomingprogrammes,sciencepuzzles,messageboardsandwebchattranscripts.

title:	Bill Nye the Science Guy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.billnye.com%2F
desc:	Onlinesciencelaboratory.Includeslearningactivitiesandshowinformation.

title:	The Bubblesphere 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbubbles.org%2F
desc:	Allaboutsoapbubbles.Bubbleblowing,solutions,history,fun,Javagames,bubblemachinesandtrivia.

title:	CBC Radio One: Quirks & Quarks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbc.ca%2Fquirks%2F
desc:	WeeklyshowfromCanadahostedbyBobMcDonaldandbroadcastonSaturdays.ListentoshowarchivesusingRealAudio,mp3andoggfiles.

title:	Did You Ever Wonder? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbl.gov%2Fwonder%2F
desc:	Eachmonthadozenquestionsareposedandansweredbylabscientistsonvarioustopicsonhowthingsworkinthenaturalworld.

title:	Dive and Discover: Expeditions to the Seafloor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.divediscover.whoi.edu%2Fabout.html
desc:	Aninteractivedistancelearningwebsitedesignedtoimmerseyourstudentsintheexcitingprocessofdeep-searesearchandexploration.

title:	Dr. Carlson's Science Theater 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsciencetheater.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Videopodcastofcoolsciencedemonstrations.

title:	Dr. Fred's Place 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fredbortz.com%2F
desc:	Children'sscienceauthor,Dr.FredBortz,includingbiographicalinformation,listofbooks,FAQs,andinformationaboutschoolvisits.

title:	Ed Quest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edquest.ca%2F
desc:	Includesguidedlinksforstudents,lessonplansandreferencesforteachers,aswellascollaborativeprojectsdirectedtowardsthemiddleschoollevel.

title:	Educational Resources Catalog 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lpi.usra.edu%2Feducation%2FERC%2Fresources.html
desc:	Inadditiontothecatalogitself,linksareprovidedtocurriculummaterials,professionaldevelopment,software,visualandaudiovisualclassroomsupport,printmaterialandonlineresources.

title:	Elementary Science Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monroe2boces.org%2Fprograms.cfm%3Fsubsubpage%3D82%26subpage%3D54
desc:	Includesactivityofthemonthforstudentsandteachersofelementaryscience,aswellasanarchiveofpastactivities,andresources.

title:	Elementary Science Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.espsciencetime.org%2F
desc:	Includesactivityofthemonthforstudentsandteachersofelementaryscience,aswellasanarchiveofpastactivities,andresources.

title:	Extreme Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.extremescience.com%2F
desc:	Sciencenewsandactivitieswithanemphasisonextremes.

title:	Frank Potter's Science Gems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencegems.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesaresortedbycategoryandgradelevel.

title:	Free Science Worksheets 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teach-nology.com%2Fworksheets%2Fscience%2F
desc:	Featuresoversciencelabsforbiology,chemistry,andphysics,andnumerousotherprintablenoteskeletons,graphicorganizers,andworksheets.

title:	Free Video Lectures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreevideolectures.com%2F
desc:	Freevideolecturesonscienceandtechnologytopics.

title:	Fun With Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jclahr.com%2Fscience%2F
desc:	Aprofessionalgeophysicistmaintainsthiscollectionofresourcesforclassroomdemonstrationsandhands-onexercisesaboutphysics,earthscience,earthquakes,mathandfunillusions.Includesvideosofearthquakeshaketables.

title:	The GLOBE Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globe.gov%2F
desc:	Aworldwidehands-on,primaryandsecondaryschool-basededucationandscienceprogram.

title:	The Great Web of Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imagine-hawaii.com%2Fscience.html
desc:	Providinglinksforscience,astronomy,biology,chemistry,electronics,medicine,meteorology,oceanography,physicsandspace.

title:	Harvard-Smithsonian Center For Astrophysics - Science Education Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cfa.harvard.edu%2Fsed%2F
desc:	Developscurricula,videosandactivitiestoenhancelearningofscientifictopics.Includeslistofprojectsandstaff.

title:	Headstart, Inspire, RIS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etrust.org.uk%2Fheadstart-inspire-ris
desc:	Summerschoolprogrammeofscienceandengineeringexperiencecoursesatuniversityforprofessionalcareersinscience,engineeringandtechnology.

title:	How Stuff Works 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2F
desc:	Explanationsaboutformandfunctioninscienceandtechnology.

title:	Howard Hughes Medical Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hhmi.org%2Fcatalog%2Fmain%3Faction%3Dhome
desc:	Publications,labsafetytrainingvideos,biomedicalresearchandscienceeducationmulti-mediaresources.

title:	Illusion Works 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpsylux.psych.tu-dresden.de%2Fi1%2Fkaw%2Fdiverses%2520Material%2Fwww.illusionworks.com%2F
desc:	Amultimediamuseumofopticalandsensoryillusions,withon-linedemonstrationsandexplanations.

title:	Institute for Mathematics and Science Education (IMSE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.uic.edu%2FIMSE%2F
desc:	Establishedtopromoteeffortstoimproveprecollegeandundergraduateeducationintheareasofmathematicsandscience.AhallmarkofIMSEeffortsisthecollaborationofresearchmathematiciansandscientistswitheducationresearchersandteachers.

title:	Jupiter Scientific's List of The Greatest Unsolved Problems in Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jupiterscientific.org%2Fsciinfo%2Fgusp.html
desc:	Presentssomeofthemostchallengingsciencequestionsinvariousfieldsofstudy.Includesfurtherdiscussiononcertaintopics.

title:	K-12 Science Education Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eskimo.com%2F%7Ebillb%2Fedu.html
desc:	FromteacherBillBeaty'shomepages.Includeslinks,projectsandlessonplans.

title:	kNOW: The Micropedia Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstaff.um.edu.mt%2Fjmus1%2Fmicropedia%2Fknooow.htm
desc:	Projectthatattemptstopresentauniversalandcoherentoverviewofscienceinahighly-condensedvisualformusingimages,demosandsimulations.

title:	Mad Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmadscience.org%2F
desc:	Offersscienceliteracyprogramsinareasaroundtheworld.Pageincludescompanyhistoryandlocations.

title:	Massive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.science-groove.org%2FMASSIVE%2F
desc:	Informationonover2000scienceandmathsongshavingappealtoawiderangeofaudiences.Searchorbrowse;listentoMASSIVERadio,aninternetstationthatplaysonlythesesongs.

title:	MIT Council on Primary and Secondary Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.mit.edu%2Fcpse
desc:	OffersprogramsforK-12studentsandMITstudents,andresourcesforparentsandteachersaswellasMITalumni.

title:	A Moment of Science (AMOS) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Findianapublicmedia.org%2Famomentofscience%2F
desc:	Two-minuteradiobroadcastscoveringeverydaysciencetopics,especiallythosethatare"wow,that'sneat"types.EachscriptforAMomentofScienceischeckedbyascientistintheappropriatefield.

title:	MSNucleus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.msnucleus.org%2Fcurriculum%2Fcurriculum.html
desc:	AccesstotheK-12IntegratingScience,Math,andTechnologyReferenceCurriculumisnowFREE.

title:	Negashte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnegashte.tripod.com%2F
desc:	AstudentmagazinefromTehran,withmathematicsandphysicscontent.InbothIranianandEnglish.

title:	Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education (ORISE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Forise.orau.gov%2F
desc:	Educationandtrainingprogramsinscience.

title:	Physics Information and Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.physicskerala.in%2F
desc:	Providesinformationaboutphysics,chemistryandnanotechnology,educationandadmissionstodegreeprograms.Downloadquestionpapersandstudymaterialsfree.

title:	Planet Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planet-science.com%2F
desc:	Designedtostimulatetheimaginationaboutscienceandtechnology.Providesscienceresourcesforprimaryandsecondaryschoolstudentsandtheirteachers.

title:	The Planetary Society's Planetary Radio Show 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.planetary.org%2Fmultimedia%2Fplanetary-radio%2F
desc:	Eachweek,PlanetaryRadiovisitswithascientist,engineer,projectmanager,advocateorwriterwhocanprovideauniqueperspectiveonthequestforknowledgeaboutoursolarsystemandbeyond.Broadcastweekly.

title:	Project Dragonfly 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.units.miamioh.edu%2Fdragonfly%2F
desc:	Agreatplacefor4thto6thgradechildrentolearnaboutscience.

title:	Pulse of the Planet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pulseplanet.com%2F
desc:	Producesatwo-minutesoundportraiteveryweekday,providingrecordingsofnature,cultureandscienceworldwide.

title:	RadioLab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radiolab.org%2F
desc:	RadioshowprovidedbyWNYCpresentingthought-provoking,oftenfunny,scienceessaysrevolvingaroundasingletopicsuchaslaughter,deception,orchoice.RadioLabpodcastsalsoavailable.

title:	Rockdale Magnet Student Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmagnetresearch.webs.com%2F
desc:	Portfolioofscientificresearchstudiesdoneasprojectsbystudents.

title:	Royal Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwebspace.webring.com%2Fpeople%2Frp%2Fpromiserani%2Fscience.html
desc:	Learnaboutthevariousfieldsofscience,whattheyare,andwheretofindmorefuninformation.

title:	Sandlot Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandlotscience.com%2F
desc:	Interactiveopticalillusions,games,scienceprojects,funpuzzles,anddistortions.

title:	Sci-Math WORLD: An Interactive Internet Workshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Flibrary.rider.edu%2Fscholarly%2Frlackie%2Fsci%2F
desc:	ProvidesannotatedWeblinkstorelevantscienceandmathsubjectsarrangedasdirectoriesandportals,searchablesites,searchengines,andinteractiveWebsites.

title:	Science Books and Films 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsbfonline.com%2F
desc:	TheAAASreviewjournalforsciencematerialsforallages,includingreviewsandrecommendationsforbooks,videos,software,andwebsites.

title:	Science Books Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencebooksonline.info%2F
desc:	Linkstofreesciencee-books,textbooks,lecturenotes,monographs,andothersciencerelateddocuments.

title:	The Science Campus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.science-campus.com%2F
desc:	Aresourceforscienceandtechnologycourses.Onlinetheoryitems,feedbackforum.

title:	Science Explained 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.synapses.co.uk%2Fscience%2Findex.html
desc:	Onlinesciencelessonsonawidevarietyofsubjects,includingthecloningofDollythesheep,theMontserratvolcano,waterontheMoon,Martianfossils,andthe"chickenflu."

title:	The Science Eye 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scienceeye.com%2F
desc:	Scienceandenvironmentaleducationspecialistsofferscienceawarenessthroughsimulatedclassroomsafarisforallages.

title:	Science Facts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.science-facts.com%2F
desc:	Providessnippetsofinformationonanimals,humans,spaceandtheweather,forchildrenandeveryone.

title:	Science General 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEducational_Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fyukna.free.fr%2Fscience%2Fgeneral.php
desc:	Dedicatedtothesimpleideathateveryoneshouldbeabletocontributetoscience.Providesinformativequizzesandarticles.

title:	Sussex School of Philosophy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philosophyinsussex.org%2F
desc:	Coursesbasedonteachingsofeasternandwesternphilosopherstohelpeveryonegaindeeperknowledgeoftheiressentialnatureandthesourceofhappiness.

title:	The Tree of Philosophy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FPhilosophy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkbu.edu.hk%2F%7Eppp%2Ftop%2Ftoc.html
desc:	Acourseofintroductorylecturesforbeginningstudentsofphilosophy,byStephenPalmquist.

title:	California Institute of Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cimwebsite.org%2F
desc:	SanDiegobasedmusicinstituteforpre-collegeprofessionaleducation.Includescurriculum,staffprofiles,recitalandconcertschedules.

title:	Children's Music Workshop 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.childrensmusicworkshop.com%2F
desc:	Featuresmusicalresourcesandinformationoneducationalvenuesforchildren.

title:	Canadian Institute for Conflict Resolution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cicr-icrc.ca%2F
desc:	Providestraininginfacilitation,mediation,andconflictresolution.Dealsspecificallywithdeep-rootedconflictexperienceswithincommunitiesinCanadaandabroad.Courseschedule,staff,FAQ,andregistrationform.

title:	Center for Peacemaking and Conflict Studies at Fresno Pacific University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpeace.fresno.edu%2F
desc:	OfferseducationinconflictmanagementandpeacemakingleadingtotheMAdegreeorgraduatecertificate.Alsooffersinterventionandconsultingservices.Purposeandmission,courseschedules,syllabi,andevents.

title:	Centre for Peace Studies, Faculty of Humanities, McMaster University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humanities.mcmaster.ca%2F%7Epeace%2F
desc:	OffersaCombinedHonoursB.A.inPeaceStudiesaswellasaminorinPeaceStudies.Programsandcourses,faculty,lectures,andevents.LocatedinHamilton,Ontario,Canada.

title:	Centre for the Resolution of Conflicts of Nyankunde-Bunia, Democratic Republic of Congo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcrc-congo.tripod.com%2F
desc:	Multi-faithnon-governmentalforumcomposedofpeacecommitteesintheDRCwithacommonspiritofsharinginpeaceandconflictresolutionmatters.Historyandvision,values,andstrategies.

title:	Conflict Resolution Conferences Worldwide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.conferencealerts.com%2Fpeace.htm
desc:	Upcomingeventsinpeacestudies,conflictresolution,andrelatedfields.

title:	CONTACT - Conflict Transformation Across Cultures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sit.edu%2Fgraduate%2Fcontact-program.cfm
desc:	Summerinstituteandgraduatecertificateforstudentandprofessionalpeacebuilders,leadingtomaster'sdegreeinconflicttransformation.FeaturesdistancelearningplussummerinstituteinVermont.

title:	Department of Peace Studies, University of Bradford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brad.ac.uk%2Fpeace%2F
desc:	Largestuniversitypeacestudiescenterintheworld.Offersundergraduate,postgraduate,anddoctoraldegrees.Coursedetails,departmenthistory,staffprofiles,publications,newsletter,andonlinevideolectures.

title:	The Five College Program in Peace and World Security Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hampshire.edu%2Facademics%2Fpawss.htm
desc:	MultidisciplinaryeducationalendeavouroftheFiveCollegeConsortiumofAmherst,Hampshire,MountHolyoke,andSmithColleges,andtheUniversityofMassachusettsatAmherst.Newsandevents,publications,andinformationforstudentsandfaculty.

title:	The Fund For Peace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fundforpeace.org%2F
desc:	Missionistopreventwarandalleviatetheconditionsthatcausewar.Promoteseducationandresearchforpracticalsolutions.HistoryofFund,positionstatements,news,resources,anddetailsonresearchandadvocacyprograms.

title:	Harry S. Truman Research Institute for the Advancement of Peace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftruman.huji.ac.il%2F
desc:	DedicatedtofosteringpeaceandadvancingcooperationintheMiddleEastandamongthepeoplesoftheworldthroughresearch,conferences,seminars,fellowships,andthemaintenanceofcloserelationswithsimilarinstitutesabroad.PartofHebrewUniversityofJerusalem.Researchprojects,eventsandpublications,andlibraryanddocumentationcenter.

title:	Institute of Peace and Conflict Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipcs.org%2F
desc:	NewDelhi-basedthinktankaimstoinform,analyze,andnurturedebatesoncrucialstrategicchoicesaffectingSouthAsia.News,articles,sitesearch,archives,andadebatingpage.

title:	International Center for Cooperation and Conflict Resolution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Ficccr.tc.columbia.edu%2F
desc:	BasedatTeachersCollege,ColumbiaUniversity,offerscoursesandinformationaboutconflictresolutionandmediation.Goalistoenhanceindividuals'interpersonalandproblem-solvingskillsanddevelopreflectivescholars/practitioners.

title:	The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkroc.nd.edu%2F
desc:	Conductseducational,research,andoutreachprogramsoninternationalpeaceandsponsorsmajorconferences,lectures,visitingfellowsprograms,andresearchprojects.Programhistoryanddescription,admissionFAQ,courselist,publications,andcareerresources.

title:	The Lion and the Lamb Peace Arts Center of Bluffton College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bluffton.edu%2Flionlamb%2F
desc:	Promotesthestudyofpeace,cross-culturalunderstanding,andnonviolentresponsestoconflictwithanemphasisonthesethemesforchildren.Resources,bibliographies,events,andcontactinformation.

title:	Matsunaga Institute for Peace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peaceinstitute.hawaii.edu%2F
desc:	AdepartmentoftheCollegeofSocialScienceslocatedontheUniversityofHawaii-ManoacampusinHonolulu.Designedtoexplore,developandshareknowledgeofpeacethroughteaching,research,publication,andpublicservice.studies.Publications,activities,courses,andcontactinformation.

title:	Peace and Conflict Monitor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.monitor.upeace.org%2F
desc:	ThemagazinebasedattheUNUniversityforPeace.Coversnewsandfeaturesdealingwithallaspectsofpeaceandviolentconflictissuesworldwide.

title:	Peace First 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peacefirst.org%2F
desc:	Programusescooperativegamesandcommunityserviceactivitiestoempowerelementaryschoolstudentstobepeacemakers.Historyoforganization,programmodel,FAQ,andcallforvolunteers.

title:	Peace Polls for Conflict Resolution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peacepolls.org%2F
desc:	Usespublicopinionpollsandsurveysforconflictanalysis,preventionandresolution,negotiationsandpeacemaking.Researchpapers,questionnairesandreportsfromNorthernIreland,theBalkansandMiddleEast.

title:	Peace Research Institute Oslo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.prio.org%2F
desc:	BasedinOslo,Norway.ConductsresearchandeducationinConditionsofWarandPeace;ForeignandSecurityPolicies;Ethics,NormsandIdentities;andConflictResolutionandPeacebuilding.News,events,staff,andprograminformation.

title:	Professors World Peace Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pwpa.org%2F
desc:	Non-profiteducationalorganizationfoundedtosupporttheacademiccommunity'sroleinthepursuitofworldpeace.OrganizesconferencesandpublishesbooksandtheInternationalJournalonWorldPeace.Newsandannouncements.Membership,subscription,andbookorderforms.

title:	Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sipri.org%2F
desc:	Instituteconductingresearchonquestionsofconflictandcooperationwiththeaimofcontributingtoanunderstandingoftheconditionsforpeacefulsolutionsofinternationalconflictsandforastablepeace.

title:	Transnational Foundation for Peace and Future Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.transnational.org%2F
desc:	Missionispeace.Toolsarenewideas,listening,research,mitigation,education,andadvocacy.ItsPeaceTrainingNetworkofferslecturesandtraininginareasfromadvancedtheoriestopracticalskills.Forums,articles,news,andlinks.

title:	The University for Peace 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upeace.org%2F
desc:	Currentlyengagesinteachingandresearch.Featuresmissionstatement,faculty,informationforprospectivestudentsandadescriptionoftheresearchactivities.

title:	Wisconsin Institute for Peace and Conflict Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FIssues%2FPeace%2FPeace_Studies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwsp.edu%2Fhistory%2Fwipcs%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtoencouragingandlegitimizingteachingandresearchontherootsofviolence,nationalandglobalsecurityissues.Includeslistofeventsandpublications.

title:	Achill Outdoor Education Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.achilloutdoor.com%2F
desc:	OutdooradventurecentreinCountyMayoIreland.Mediarichsitewithvideo,soundandaphotogallery.

title:	The Adventure Agency 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adventure.ie%2F
desc:	Specializinginoutingsforacompany,group,orindividualsincludingteambuildingexercisesandoutdoorinstruction.(Ireland)

title:	Adventure Out 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adventureout.com.au%2F
desc:	Providersofoutdooradventureactivitiesandprogrammesincludingabseiling,rockclimbing,raftingandcavingfortherecreationmarket,teamdevelopmentandteambuildingforcorporationsandeducationforschools.

title:	Adverta's Adventure and School Camps 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adverta.co.za%2F
desc:	BayeteandKareeboschAdventureandSchooltrainingcamps,includingcorporateandaccreditationcampsforleadership,adventure,wildlifeandsportstrainingclinics.(SouthAfrica)

title:	Allnatt Centres on the South Coast 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.allnatt.co.uk%2F
desc:	ResidentialOutdoorEducationCentresforyoungpeoplefromGreatBritainandoverseas.Morethan75yearsexperience.

title:	Andy Bond - Hydroactive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thepeakdistrict.info%2Fhydro%2Fhtml%2F
desc:	Residentialanddaycoursesforschools.Activitiesinclude,hiking,weaseling,climbing,abseiling,kayakingandcoasteering.

title:	Ardroy Outdoor Education Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ardroy-oec.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offerstraininginmountaineering,firstaid,kayaking,canoeing,andtheenvironmentwithafocusonpersonaldevelopment.(Argyll,Scotland)

title:	Bogong Outdoor Education Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boec.vic.edu.au%2F
desc:	Caterstoschoolgroupsbutcanalsobehiredbyprivateorcommunitygroups.Offersrockclimbing,skiing,andenvironmentalstudies.(Victoria,Australia)

title:	Colorado Wilderness Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coloradowildernessinstitute.com%2F
desc:	Offerscustomizedoutdooradventuretripsforgroupsincludingyouthgroups,individualsandCatholicsummercampsexperiencingColoradowhitewaterrafting,mountaineering,climbingandbackpackingtrips.(USA)

title:	CRS Adventures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crsadventures.com%2F
desc:	Provideskayaking,canoeing,climbing,orienteeringandcaving.BasedoutofDartmoor,UK.

title:	Distant Horizons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.distant-horizons.co.uk%2F
desc:	Outdooractivityandteamdevelopmentcompanyofferingarangeofservicesincludingwinterandmountainactivities,andwildernesstrips.

title:	Dwellingup Bunkhouses Outdoor Adventure Camp 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bunkhouses.com.au%2F
desc:	Schoolcampswithactivitiesincludingabseiling,canoeing,rockclimbing,mountainbiking,flyingfox,swimming,orienteering,bushwalkingandwhitewaterrafting.(Dwellingup,WesternAustralia,Australia).

title:	Glenmore Lodge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glenmorelodge.org.uk%2F
desc:	Scotland'sNationalOutdoorTrainingCentreprovidingoutdooractivitycoursesinrockclimbing,hillwalking,mountaineering,skitouring,kayaking,canoeing,seakayaking,firstaid,orienteeringandteambuilding,allyearround.(UK)

title:	Lagganlia Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lagganlia.com%2F
desc:	OutdoorEducationCentreofferingfullyservicedcourses,self-cateringaccommodations,andleadershiptrainingcourses.(Inverness-shire,Scotland)

title:	Landmark Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=https%3A%2F%2Flandmarklearning.edu%2F
desc:	Coursesandinstructionforoutdoorleaders,groupfacilitators,skillsinstructors,nationalcertifications,andindividualizedprograms.(Cullowhee,NorthCarolina,USA)

title:	National Outdoor Leadership School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nols.edu%2F
desc:	Offersvariousskillscoursesinadditiontowildernessleadership,coursesforeducators,andenvironmentalstewardshipprograms.(Lander,Wyoming)

title:	Northwest Mountain School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mountainschool.com%2F
desc:	Campsinmountaineering,rockclimbing,backcountrysnowboarding,andbackpacking.(Seattle,Washington,USA)

title:	Outdoor Insights Pty Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.outdoorinsights.com.au%2F
desc:	Teambuildingandteamworkprograms,leadershipdevelopment,acorporatetrainingorganisation.Specialistsinchangemanagementprograms.They
useexperientialandtraditionalclassroomtrainingmethods.

title:	The Outdoor School at Rancho Alegre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theoutdoorschool.org%2F
desc:	Facilitatesthedevelopmentofcommunityandenvironmentalstewardshipinstudentsthroughadirectexperiencewithnature.

title:	Outdoor Wilderness Leadership School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.owlsadventures.com%2F
desc:	Corporatedevelopment,ropescourses,mountainbiking,rockclimbing,kayaking,andsummercamps.OfficesinVirginiaandMontana(USA).

title:	Plas Gwynant Outdoor Education Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.plasgwynant.org.uk%2F
desc:	ResidentialoutdoorpursuitscoursesinSnowdoniaincludingcanoeing,kayaking,climbing,andhillwalking(Beddgelert,UK).

title:	Rippleffect 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rippleffect.net%2F
desc:	Acommunity-basedyouthdevelopmentorganizationspecializinginadventureandwildernessexperiencesthatbuildconfidenceandself-esteem.(Portland,Maine,USA)

title:	Shumla School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shumla.org%2F
desc:	Emphasizeslearningbydoingandprovidesanenvironmentforarchaeologicalresearch,artisticdiscovery,outdooradventureandconfidencebuilding.Projectsandprograms.Comstock,Texas.

title:	Ultimate Outdoor Adventures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uoa.ca%2F
desc:	ProvidesorienteeringandwildernessnavigationworkshopsandtrainingsessionsforallagesandabilitiesintheGreaterVancouverarea,Canada.

title:	Wendigo Lake Expeditions Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wendigolake.com%2F
desc:	OfferswildernessadventureresidentialprogramsforyouthinnorthernOntario,Canada.Describesactivities,location,andopportunitiestocustomizetheprogramforagroup'sneeds.

title:	Wilderness Expertise 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wilderness-expertise.co.uk%2F
desc:	Outdoorcoursesandexpeditionsdesignedforschoolsorbusinesses.(Berkshire,England)

title:	Willowgrove Farm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FOutdoors%2FSchools_and_Education&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.willowgrove.ca%2F
desc:	OfferingprogramstoK-12,collegeanduniversitystudentsaboutorienteering,mapreading,survival,trees,pioneers,nativestudies,leadershipskillsandteambuilding,inaccordancewithOntarioMinistryofEducationCurriculum(Canada).

title:	Association for Hospital Medical Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ahme.org%2F
desc:	Anationalnonprofitprofessionalorganizationinvolvedinthecontinuumofmedicaleducation.

title:	The BookMarc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bookmarc.com%2F
desc:	Servicesformedicalstudentsandforprofessionals,includingdiscountedbookservices,discountedphoneservices,anddiscountedelectronics.ThissitetargetspractitionersintheUSA.

title:	Christine M. Kleinert Institute for Hand and Microsurgery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fchristinemkleinertinstitute.org%2F
desc:	Anonprofiteducationandresearchorganization.Itsmissionistraininghandsurgeons,supportingresearch,andinformingthepublic.

title:	Diagnosis: COPD 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.diagnosiscopd.com%2F
desc:	InformationandexplanationsforpatientsaboutChronicObstructiveRespiratoryDisease(COPD).

title:	Doctor Digest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.doctordigest.com%2F
desc:	Medicaldoctorscanreviewelectronicmedicalinformationresourcesavailableinanyofthefollowingmedia:browsableWWWsites,ordownloadabledatasetsandsoftware,oronCD-ROMS.

title:	Doctor's Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.docguide.com%2F
desc:	Medicalandpharmacologicalnews,casestudiesandspecialtyandsubspecialty-specificupdatesonlatestintreatmentandresearch.

title:	Education Center of Association Endosurgery of Tatarstan 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fendosur.mi.ru%2F
desc:	Noncommercialpublicorganization,whichwascreatedwiththepurposetosupportthedevelopmentofendoscopicsurgeryandgynaecologyinRussia.

title:	Foundation for Advancement of International Medical Education and Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.faimer.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitfoundationprovidesdetailsofprogramstoimproveinternationalhealthprofessionaleducation.

title:	Genetic Counselling Courses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newcastle.edu.au%2Fprogram%2Fpostgraduate%2F2008%2F10889.html
desc:	GraduateDiplomaandMastersofScienceatUniversityofNewcastle,NSW,Australia.

title:	HealthcareColleges.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.healthcarecolleges.com%2F
desc:	Educationalresourcesrelatingtothehealthcareindustry.Manyspecialtiesarelistedwithabriefsummaryofresponsibilities,educationalrequirements,andschoolsofferingtheseprograms.

title:	How Stuff Works: Becoming a Medical Doctor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2Fbecoming-a-doctor.htm
desc:	Completeguidedetailingstepstobecomeamedicaldoctor,writtenbyadoctor,withmanytermsexplained.

title:	How to Choose a Medical Specialty 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.med-ed.virginia.edu%2Fspecialties%2F
desc:	Assistsmedicalstudentsinchoosingamedicalspecialty.Ratemultiple"Itendto..."statements,thenarankorderlistofspecialtieswillbegeneratedbasedonlikesanddislikes.

title:	Masters Program in Molecular Medicine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medicine.tcd.ie%2Fmolecular-medicine%2Fpostgraduate%2Fmsc-molmed%2F
desc:	CourseisrunundertheauspicesoftheFacultyofHealthSciencesandtheInstituteofMolecularMedicine,TrinityCollegeDublin.

title:	Medical Texts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmembers.tripod.com%2Fgustavo_01%2Fhome.html
desc:	Onlinemedicaltextsinavarietyofspecialtiesareavailabletoviewordownload.

title:	Medical University of Gdansk - English Division 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mug.edu.pl%2F
desc:	InformationaboutthemedicalstudiesinEnglishforforeignstudents.Admissioncriteria.Curricula.Basicmedicalandclinicalscience.

title:	MedicalStudent.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmedicalstudent.com%2F
desc:	Adigitallibraryofauthoritativemedicalinformationforallstudentsofmedicine.

title:	Medics Away 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmedicsaway.com%2F
desc:	UKcompanyabletoorganiseelectivesinIndia,KenyaandPeru.

title:	Medscape Med Students 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medscape.com%2Fmedicalstudents
desc:	Medicalupdates,weekly"grand-rounds"typecasesincludingpathologicalslidesanddiscussionswithup-to-datereferences.FreePalmOSapplications,includingePharmacopoeia.

title:	Microsurgery Training Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iupui.edu%2F%7Emicrsurg
desc:	BasicMicrosurgicalCourse(40hours),AdvancedCourse(12hours),MicrosurgeryLaboratory,IndianaUniversityMedicalCenter.

title:	National Institute of Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nie.edu.au%2F
desc:	OfferscoursesandprogramsfortheUMAThealthprofessionalexaminations.Australia.

title:	School of Health Administration Dalhousie University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dal.ca%2Ffaculty%2Fhealthprofessions%2Fhealth-administration.html
desc:	LocatedinNovaScotia,Canada.Offersinformationabouttheschool,itsprogramsandanewsletter.

title:	Student Doctor Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studentdoctor.net%2F
desc:	Guidetogettingintomedicalanddentalschools.Includesinformation,linksandamessageboard.

title:	The Virtual Autopsy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.le.ac.uk%2Fpathology%2Fteach%2Fva%2Fwelcome.html
desc:	Autopsycases,anatomyandphysiologyinformationandimagesfromLeicesterUniversity.

title:	What is Pulmonary Fibrosis? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwhatispulmonaryfibrosis.com%2F
desc:	Patienteducationwebsitedetailingthecauses,symptomsandtreatmentofpulmonaryfibrosis

title:	NPR : Lessons from the Gross Anatomy Lab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npr.org%2Ftemplates%2Fstory%2Fstory.php%3FstoryId%3D4136864
desc:	AsfinalexamsapproachforfreshmanmedicalstudentsattheUniversityofMaryland,theyreflectonwhatthey'velearnedinthegrossanatomylab.NPR'sMelissaBlockvisitsthelabinthesecondofaseriesaboutgrossanatomyandbodydonation.[12:05streamingaudiobroadcast]

title:	NPR : First-Year Med Students Enter the 'Gross' Lab 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FMedicine%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.npr.org%2Ftemplates%2Fstory%2Fstory.php%3FstoryId%3D3924247
desc:	Avisittothefirstdayofgrossanatomylab.Partoneofaseriesfollowingfirst-yearmedicalstudents.NPR'sMelissaBlockreports.[10:31streamingaudiobroadcast]

title:	The Dialect Coach 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedialectcoach.com%2F
desc:	Offersdialectcoachinginalldialectsforactorsaswellasaccentreduction.

title:	EdSitement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fedsitement.neh.gov%2F
desc:	Clickonthe"LiteratureandLanguageArts"texttoaccessnumerousresourcesfromtheAcademyofAmericanPoetsthroughWomenoftheWestMuseumaswellaslessonplansandactivities.

title:	The English Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.le.ac.uk%2Fengassoc%2F
desc:	AssociationforteachersofEnglishliteratureandlanguageatalllevelsfromprimarytopost-graduate,andforallthosewithaninterestintheEnglishlanguageanditsliteratures.

title:	Jacksonville - El Faro Language School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elfaroschool.com%2F
desc:	Offerstutoringforadultsandchildrenavailable.

title:	Learning in Motion 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learn.motion.com%2F
desc:	ResourcesfromtonguetwisterstoZenstories.

title:	Poetry Teachers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.poetryteachers.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforteachingpoetrytochildren,includinglessonplans,performancetips,andfunactivities.

title:	School-Home Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ed.gov%2Fpubs%2FCompactforReading%2F
desc:	Materialsforfamiliestoensuregoodreadingskillsinchildren.Includes400activitiesforK-3students.FromtheU.S.DepartmentofEducation.

title:	Scripts for Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fscriptsforschools.com%2F
desc:	Marketsplayscripts,readingscripts,andchoralspeakingscriptsforschoolsandlibraries.Providesfreeonlinesamples.

title:	Storycart Press Presents Readers Theatre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storycart.com%2F
desc:	Subscriptionserviceoffersfreesamplescripts.

title:	Beethoven at Home School of Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.beethovenathome.com%2F
desc:	MusicteachersprovidinglessonsintheVancouver,BCareaandtheToronto,ONarea.Lessonsavailableinavarietyofinstruments,in-studioorinstudents'homes.

title:	Carl Orff Canada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.orffcanada.ca%2F
desc:	HolisticmusiceducationprogramforchildrenbasedonthepedagogicalphilosophyofCarlOrff.

title:	Comox Valley Youth Music Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cymc.ca%2F
desc:	Offersanannualsummermusicschoolandfestival,andprovidesinstructorprofiles,accommodationandregistrationdetails,andbackgroundinformation.

title:	Guitar Workshop Plus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guitarworkshopplus.com%2F
desc:	Offerscoursesinguitar,bass,drumsandkeyboards;informationaboutcourses,venues,tutors,andcost.

title:	Montreal Academy of Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.academiedemontreal.com%2F
desc:	OfferstraininginvoiceandavarietyofmusicalinstrumentsfromqualifiedinstructorsintheMontrealarea.Alsoprovidesconcertsandrecitalsandonlineregistration.

title:	MusicProfs.ca 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.musicprofs.ca%2F
desc:	AnonlinedatabaseofprivatemusicinstructorsinCanadasearchablebypostalcode.Connectingthoseinterestedinlearningmusictolocalmusicteachers.

title:	YellowDatabase.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FArts_and_Entertainment%2FMusic%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yellowdatabase.com%2F
desc:	Databaseofmusicteachers,instructors,performers,andschools.Providescategorizedlistingsandrelatedlinks.

title:	CCI Learning Solutions Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FTraining&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccilearning.com%2F
desc:	Providesasourceforcomputertrainingservicesandcomputertrainingproductsonsoftwareapplications,programminglanguages,andtheInternet.

title:	ctc TrainCanada 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FTraining&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftraincanada.com%2F
desc:	Traininginawiderangeofapplications,developmentandoperatingsystems.Courseoutlines,testimonials,andaccreditation.LocationsacrossCanadaortrainathome/office.

title:	Global Knowledge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FTraining&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globalknowledge.com%2F
desc:	ITandbusinesstrainingprovider.

title:	IT: Skills for Today 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FTraining&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmsint12.tripod.com%2F
desc:	IT:SkillsforTodaycoversaspectsoftechnologyrelatedtoprogramming,theInternet,networkingandmultimedia.

title:	Scandcorp Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FTraining&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmy.tbaytel.net%2Fscandcor%2F
desc:	Computertrainingandbusinessconsulting,includingdesktoppublishingandcustomizedtrainingplans.

title:	TrainingTools.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=regional&cat=Regional%2FNorth_America%2FCanada%2FBusiness_and_Economy%2FComputers_and_Internet%2FTraining&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainingtools.com%2F
desc:	FreeJavaScripttutorial,HTMLtutorialandFrontPagetutorial.

title:	3D Training and Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3d-training.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKcompanyoffersawiderangeofmanagementtraining-influence,change,politics,leadershipandcoaching.

title:	A.C.E. Training & Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acetraining.com.au%2F
desc:	Australianfirmpartnerswithyourorganisationtoenhancecommunication,buildteamworkandimproveworkprocesses.

title:	A.E. Schwartz and Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aeschwartz.com%2F
desc:	ABoston-basedmanagementtrainingandprofessionaldevelopmentorganization.Specializesinconductingtrainingprogramstooptimizepersonalandprofessionaleffectiveness.

title:	Action Centered Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corporateteambuilding.com%2F
desc:	CorporateteambuildingandtrainingactionseminarsintheUnitedStates.Standardandcustomizedteambuildingseminars,includingpaintballandwhitewaterraftingroperescue.

title:	Action Learning Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.action-learning.com%2F
desc:	Usethelearningpowerofactiveparticipationtobuildaworkteam'sskills.ServingMaryland,WashingtonD.C.andVirginia.

title:	Action Management Associates, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.actionm.com%2F
desc:	Trainingandconsultingcompanyofferingworkshopsthatteachproblemsolving,decisionmaking,andcriticalthinkingtoolsandprocessestoimproveindividualandcorporateperformance.

title:	Advantage Communications 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adcom.ie%2F
desc:	Providersofpracticaltrainingsolutionsinsales,customerservices,timemanagement,interviewingandappraisals,managementdevelopment,employmentlegislationandHRservices.

title:	Adventure Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adventureassoc.com%2F
desc:	Offeringcorporateleadershiptrainingcoursesandteambuildingprograms,rangingfromportablelowandhighropescoursestoMyers-BriggsTypeIndicator(MBTI)workshops.

title:	The Adventure Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teamworkandteamplay.com%2F
desc:	Adventure-basedtrainingcompany:bringingteambuildingandstaffdevelopmentprogramstocorporate,academicandoutdoorrecreationprogramsanywhereintheworld.

title:	ALeSys 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alesys.com%2F
desc:	Providesbusinesssolutionsfromalearningperspective,developingtrainingthatcausesandresultsinthehighestpossibleROI.LocatedinFlorida.

title:	Alti Consultants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alti-consultants.com%2F
desc:	OffersmanagementtrainingtofirmslocatedinFrance.

title:	American Management Association 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amanet.org%2F
desc:	Helpingbusinessprofessionalslearnpracticalmanagementskillsandthebestpracticesofworldclassorganization.

title:	AMT Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amt-group.com%2F
desc:	Offersaholisticapproachtoglobalmanagementtraining,whichhelpspeopletoraisetheirself-awarenessandexpandtheirvision,demystifyforeignbehaviorandenhancetheirbusinessskills.

title:	Aravis Alpine Retreat 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aravis-retreat.co.uk%2F
desc:	TrainingprogrammesbasedinBarnes,Londonareheldinalearningenvironmentandhelpwidenbusinessandpersonalperspectivestoaidmanagementdevelopment.

title:	Arete Adventures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.areteadventures.com%2F
desc:	Providescustomizedprofessionaldevelopmentprogramsthroughactionlearningandoutdoorexperientialbasedlearning.(Ojai,California)

title:	Atlantic Consultants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.atlanticconsultants.com%2F
desc:	Managementconsultingfirmthatspecializesinorganizationalandleadershipdevelopmentsuchasleadershipdevelopment,strategicandsuccessionplanningfacilitation,andcommunicationtraining.Alsodoesworkshops,retreatsandmotivationalspeaking.

title:	Benjamin Ball Associates Ltd, 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.benjaminball.com%2F
desc:	UKfirmofferingpresentationtrainingforseniormanagementalongwithdevelopmentservicesincludingpreparation,pitchwinningandpublicspeakercoaching.LondonandOxford

title:	Best Practice Training & Development Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bestpractice.uk.com%2F
desc:	Consultancy,skillsdevelopmentandcertificationtoassisthelpdesks,callcentresandcustomerservicedepartmentstoachieveandmaintainexceptionalservicequalityandcustomersatisfaction.

title:	Bladonmore Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bladonmore.com%2F
desc:	Bladonmore'sEuropeanteamprovidesbespokeexperttrainingcoursesincluding:PositiveMediaRelations,EffectiveFundraising,HandlingCityAnalysts,PersuadingInstitutionalInvestorsandReputationRecovery.

title:	The Blue Water Partnership 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thebluewater.com%2F
desc:	UKcompanyspecialisesinthedevelopmentofpeoplemanagementskills,Usingablendofcoachingandmentoringtohelpmanagerschangetheirownbadhabitsandinsodoingreleasethepotentialoftheirpeople.

title:	Boom! The Power of Rhythm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boomdrumming.com%2F
desc:	Teambuildingservice,facilitatedbyparticipantsplayingsimplepartsonhanddrumsandpercussioninstruments.

title:	Boyens Leadership Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.boyens.com%2F
desc:	Tennessee-basedcompanyofferscustomdesignedsalesandmanagementprogramstoincreasesales,improveproductivityandacceleraterevenueperformance.

title:	BreakView Training Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.breakview.com%2F
desc:	Offersdiversity,sensitivityandrelationshipmanagementworkshops.

title:	Britannia Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.britannia-training.com%2F
desc:	Offersseminarsontopicssuchaselectrical,purchasing,finance,andleadership.ProvidesFAQandcoursedescriptions.

title:	Canadian Management Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcmcoutperform.com%2F
desc:	Providingfinancialmanagement,humanresources,leadership,communications,customerservice,sales,projectmanagement,andgeneralmanagerialcourses.LocatedinToronto,Ontario.

title:	Canton Associates Management Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcantonassociates.com%2F
desc:	Developonsitetrainingformanagersandsupervisorsinareasofhumanresourcemanagement,culturaldiversity,sexualharassmenttraining.Assistinthedevelopmentofmentoringprogramswithproductsonevaluatinganddevelopingmentoringprograms.

title:	CC Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crazycolour.com%2F
desc:	Offerscompaniesandindividualsarangeofcertifiedandnon-certifiedmanagementtrainingcoursesandimplementationtools.DatesandlocationsinEurope,Asia/PacificandAfrica.

title:	Cedar Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cedarassociates.co.uk%2F
desc:	ExperiencedgroupofManagementTrainingandPersonalDevelopmentConsultantsbasedinLeamingtonSpa-inthecentreofEngland.

title:	Centric Performance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.centricperformance.com%2F
desc:	Consultingandtrainingserviceshelporganizationsleveragetheirhumancapitalandvaluechainrelationshipstoimprovebusinessresultsandgaincompetitiveadvantage.

title:	Chartered Management Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.managers.org.uk%2F
desc:	UKsourceforprofessionalmanagementcoursesandaccreditedprograms.

title:	CI International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ciinternational.com%2F
desc:	ManagementtrainingcompanylocatedinColorado.

title:	Cipriano Training & Development, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ciprianotraining.com%2F
desc:	Focusesonthepeoplesideofbusinessbyprovidingtrainingproductsdesignedtoassistcompaniesintheareasofattitudes,sellingskills,communicationsandcustomersatisfaction.

title:	Circumference 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.circumference.net%2F
desc:	Selfmanagementandempowermentinorganisations,trainingandcoachingformanagers,professionalsandteams.LocatedintheNetherlands.

title:	Coach Mentoring 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coachmentoring.co.uk%2F
desc:	Specialistsincoachingandmentoringsolutionsforindividuals,teamsandorganisations.Descriptionofapproachandprogrammes,andconsultants'backgrounds.

title:	Coaching for Successful Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coachmargie.com%2F
desc:	MargieSummerscalesHeiler,anexecutivecoachprovidingbusiness,team,mentorcoachingandcoachingretreats.

title:	Concepts In Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.conceptsintraining.com%2F
desc:	Motivationaltrainingforimprovedprofitability,teamwork,management,communication,andmortgagesaleswithexecutivefocus.

title:	Cornell Outdoor Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coe.cornell.edu%2F
desc:	Offerscustomizedoutdooradventureworkshopsinteambuildingandleadershipdevelopmentforcorporationsandotherprofessionalgroups.

title:	Cornell Teambuilding 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fctlc.cornell.edu%2F
desc:	Offerscustomizedworkshopsinteambuildingandleadershipdevelopmentforcorporationsandotherprofessionalgroups,employingproblem-solvinginitiatives,ropescourses,anddiagnostictoolssuchasMyers-BriggsTypeIndicator(MBTI)and360degreefeedback.

title:	Corporate Challenge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corporatechallenge.com.au%2F
desc:	Specialistsinteambuildingandexperimentallearningprograms-AustraliaandNewZealand.

title:	Corporate Education Consulting, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carolynwarner.com%2F
desc:	Consultantsofferspresentationsandworkshopstoaddresslinkagesbetweeneducationalinstitutionsandbusiness.Alsoservesnonprofits,associations,foundations,andgovernmentalentities.

title:	Corporate Learning Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corplearning.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesteambuildingeventsfeaturingtheExpeditionHighRopesCourse,DragStripChallengeandTeamGolf.LocatedinIllinois.

title:	Corporate Quest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corporatequest.org%2F
desc:	Retreats,workshops,andexperiencesinVermonthelpingemployeesinthebusinessenvironment.

title:	CorpSeminars.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corpseminars.com%2F
desc:	Leadershiptrainingandpersonalachievementusingseminars,teambuildingandactivitiessuchasgo-cartspaintball,androckclimbing.LocatedinMontgomeryCounty,Pennsylvania.

title:	Creative Business Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbrseminars.com%2F
desc:	Onsitetrainingandcorporateseminars.Includesbackground,missionandclientlist.

title:	Creative Energy Options 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ceoptions.com%2F
desc:	Offersprofessionalandindividualconsulting,programsandseminarsattheirconferencecenterinPennsylvaniaandaroundtheworld.

title:	CreativityWorks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativityworks.net%2F
desc:	Arts-basedtraininganddevelopmenttobusinessesandotherorganisations.Brighton,UnitedKingdom

title:	Crestcom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crestcom.com%2F
desc:	Videobased,livefacilitatedmanagementtrainingseminars.Internationalorganizationactiveinmorethan45countries.

title:	CRG Consulting Resource Group International, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.crgleader.com%2F
desc:	Publishesandcreatespersonalitytests,educationaltools,andlearningsystemsforindividualsandorganizations.

title:	CTAT Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ctat-training.com%2F
desc:	Providesdiscovery-basedtrainingandstrategicconsultationservices.Ohiobasedcompanyevaluatesspecificorganizationalneeds,tocustomizeatrainingorconsultationpackage.

title:	CultureSense International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.culturesense.com%2F
desc:	CultureSensestrategiccross-culturalmanagementprograms.

title:	Darden Executive Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.darden.virginia.edu%2Fweb%2FExecutive-Education%2F
desc:	Specializesingeneralmanagementdevelopment,leadershipdevelopment,andseniormanagementprogramsforexecutivesandmanagers.LocatedinVirginia.

title:	The Delfi Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedelfigroup.com%2F
desc:	Traininganddevelopmentprogramsformanagementandemployeesalikeinmediationandleadership.

title:	The Development Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thedevco.com%2F
desc:	Developmentandtrainingofpeopletohelpyouimproveyourproductivityandincreaseyourprofitability.LocatedintheUK.

title:	Development Training Company Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.development-training.com%2F
desc:	ConsultancygroupinEnglandspecialisinginManagementTraining,Leadership,TeambuildingandStrategyprogrammesthathelpclientsmakemoneyandimproveperformance.

title:	Doug Smart, CSP, Motivational Speaker 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dougsmart.com%2F
desc:	Energeticandfunnykeynotespeakerandtrainer.Atlantabased.Presentationsincludechange,motivation,leadership,creativity,communicationandtimemanagement.

title:	A Dr. Clue Treasure Hunt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drclue.com%2F
desc:	Teambuildingtreasurehunts:lowimpact,challengingandfun.BasedinCalifornia.

title:	Dr. Don Greene, Ph. D. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dongreene.com%2F
desc:	Improveyourperformanceunderstressbytakingadiagnostictestandreceivingtheresultsanddetailedsuggestionsfortheremedy.

title:	Duke Corporate Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dukece.com%2F
desc:	Customeducationtohelpcompaniesachievebusinessobjectives.LocatedinDurham,NorthCarolina.

title:	Eagle's Flight 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eaglesflight.com%2F
desc:	Developsanddeliversexperientialtrainingprogramsdesignedtoimproveyourbusinessresultsbyunleashingthehumanpotentialwithinyourorganization.

title:	Eastern Training Seminars, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etsinternet.com%2F
desc:	Corporatetrainingprograms.

title:	The Effective Edge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.effectiveedge.com%2F
desc:	Helpsprofessionalstobeproductiveandeffectiveintheirworkandlifethroughthedeliveryofpremierone-on-onecoachingprograms,workshops,andcustomizedofferings.LocatedinTexas.

title:	Elements 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elementsuk.com%2F
desc:	Developmentalfacilitationtrainingprogrammestoenablepeopletodeveloptheirfacilitationskills.LocatedintheUK.

title:	Beloit College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.beloit.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Providesinformationondegreeprogramsandcourses,awards,faculty,newsandcontactdetails.

title:	Marquette University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marquette.edu%2Fdept%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	OffersprogrammesofstudyandresearchinpoliticalscienceandinternationalaffairsinAmerican,comparative,andinternationalpoliticsaswellaspoliticalphilosophy.Course,anddegreeinformation,news,facultyandcontactdetails.

title:	University of Wisconsin-La Crosse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwlax.edu%2FPolitical-Science-and-Public-Administration%2F
desc:	Offersinformationoncourses,faculty,programrequirements,relatedinformationandcontactdetails.

title:	University of Wisconsin-Madison 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polisci.wisc.edu%2F
desc:	Offersinformationonworkinggroups,Ph.D.placement,computingresources,webmail,upcomingevents,departmenthistory,employment,programinformation,staffandcontactdetails.

title:	University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuwm.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Offersacurriculumprovidingafoundationforcareersingovernment,law,education,business,andotherfields.Coursesonpoliticalideas,behavior,andinstitutionsatthelocal,state,national,andinternationallevels.Includesinformationonprogrammes,faculty,opportunitiesandcontactdetails.

title:	University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.uwosh.edu%2F
desc:	Includesadiscussiononwhytostudypoliticalscience,careeroptions,programmegoalsandobjectives,facultyandstaff,courserequirementsandofferings,helpguides,aStudentHandbook,internships,organizations,research,newslettersandcontactdetails.

title:	University of Wisconsin-Parkside 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwp.edu%2Flearn%2Fprograms%2Fpoliticalsciencemajor.cfm
desc:	Offersprogramandscheduleinformation,facultyandstaffinformationandcontactdetails.[Navigationmayrequriejavascripttofunctionproperly.]

title:	EM Lyon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.em-lyon.com%2F
desc:	EuropeanManagementschooloffersfirstdegree,postgraduate,PhDprogrammesininternationalmanagementandawiderangeofexecutiveseminarsindifferentareasofmanagement.

title:	Entelechy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Funlockit.com%2F
desc:	Providessalestraining,managementtraining,customerservicetraining,train-the-trainertraining,performanceconsultingtrainingprograms,trainingmodules,performancetools,inventorieseGuides,andcustomizedtraining.

title:	Enterprise Incorporated 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cma-ent.com%2F
desc:	Consultingfirmspecializinginorganizationaldevelopment,strategicmanagement,workforcedevelopmenttraining.

title:	The European Institute of Purchasing Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eipm.org%2F
desc:	TheEIPMistheEuropeancentreforpurchasingandsupplychainmanagement.

title:	Evolution Personal and Corporate Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evolution-development.com%2F
desc:	ProvideseffectivePersonalandCorporatedevelopmentservicestoindividualsandorganisationsthroughouttheUKusingNLPacceleratedlearningandotherleadingedgetrainingtechniques.Cornwall,UK.

title:	Excel Group Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.growingcoaches.com%2F
desc:	OffersdevelopmentandassessmentToolstoimprovemanagement,salesteam,andhumanresourceseffectiveness.

title:	Executive Edge Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.executiveedgeinc.com%2F
desc:	Fun,interactiveteambuildingandexperientiallearningprogramsrangefromin-depthlearningtoeye-openingentertainment.

title:	University of Wisconsin-River Falls 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWisconsin&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwrf.edu%2FPOLS%2F
desc:	PartoftheCollegeofArtsandSciences,offersdegreesandpre-professionaladvisingintheareaofpre-lawprovidingtheskillsnecessarytoanalyzeandinterpretpoliticaleventsandgovernmentalprocesses.Includesinformationonfaculty,programs,careersandinternships,pre-law,news,research,groups,scholarships,alumniandcontactdetails.

title:	Experiential Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.experientialsystems.com%2F
desc:	Buildingexperientialprograms,ropescourses,climbingtowers,teamscourseshighandlow.

title:	Exponential Training & Assessment Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.exponentialtraining.com%2F
desc:	Deliveringflexible,affordable,professionaltraininganddevelopmenttomanagers,coachesandconsultantsintheUKandaroundtheworld.

title:	Extant Training Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.extant-training.com%2F
desc:	Arizonacompanyofferstrainingcoursesdesignedwithemphasisondevelopmentofemployeeandmanagementinterpersonalskills.

title:	Eyeball Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eyeballtraining.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKcompanyspecializesinteambuilding,teamdevelopment,managementtraining,staffassessment,staffmotivation.

title:	FBS Consultancy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fbsconsultancy.co.uk%2F
desc:	ManagementtraininganddevelopmentservicesfororganisationsintheUK,Europe,MiddleEastandotherpartsoftheworld.Alsoorganisationalconsultancy,changeprogrammes,psychometrictestingandeventorganising.

title:	flexstudy.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fflexstudy.com%2F
desc:	Onlineself-studybusinesscoursesincommunications,customerservice,finance,HR,leadership,andmanagement.

title:	Focus Four Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.focusfour.com%2F
desc:	Timemanagement,goalsetting,leadershipskillsandpracticemanagementprogramsforentrepreneurs.

title:	Fulcrum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.888fulcrum.com%2F
desc:	Offerstraininginmanagementdevelopment,leadership,teambuildingandcommunicationskills.OfficesarelocatedintheUSandCanada.

title:	Gerri King , Ph.D. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gerriking.com%2F
desc:	OrganizationalconsultantandfacilitatorworkswithCEOsandseniormanagementonmajororganizationalchanges,strategicplanningprocesses,boarddevelopment,andtrainingissuesatalllevels.Keynotespeaking,leadershipdevelopment,facilitation,teambuildingseminar.

title:	Glaramara Adventure Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glaramara.co.uk%2F
desc:	TeamBuildingprogramstogivepowerfulteamexperiencesinadayoffunandprofessionaldevelopment.BasedintheUK.

title:	Glaser & Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theglasers.com%2F
desc:	Providesleadershipandcommunicationseminarsandkeynotespeeches.

title:	Go Intuition, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgointuition.com%2F
desc:	Personalandbusinessintuitiondevelopmentthroughtrainingprograms,consulting,intuitivereadingswithclairvoyantcounselor,psychiccoach/consultant.LocatedinFrisco,Colorado.

title:	Gordon International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gordontraining.com%2F
desc:	Conflictresolution,communications,salesandparentingskillstrainingforcorporations,familiesandindividuals.

title:	GrahamComm 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grahamcomm.net%2F
desc:	Offerstraining,coachingandcorporateretreatsinpresentationskills,interpersonalcommunication,experientialteambuildingplusacompleteresourceoftrainingcoursesandprofessionals.

title:	Granville Toogood Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.toogoodassoc.com%2F
desc:	Specializinginleadershipcoaching,successcoaching,executivetraining,presentationtraining,speechwritinganddevelopment,newbusinesspresentations,andmotivationalmanagement.

title:	Greg Williams: The Master Negotiator 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themasternegotiator.com%2F
desc:	Offersnegotiatingskillsseminars,training,andconsultingservices.Containsprofile,tipsandclientlist.

title:	GrowthWorks Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.growthworksinc.com%2F
desc:	Trainingandconsultingrelatedtochangemanagement,innovation,creativity,teambuilding,leadership,sales.

title:	Guila Muir and Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.guilamuir.com%2F
desc:	Trainatrainercourses,facilitationworkshops,andpresentationskills.LocatedinWashington.

title:	Heart of Business 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.heartofbusiness.com%2F
desc:	Businessmentoringandtrainingprogramsforthespiritual,holistic,ormicrobusinessowner.LocatedinPortland,Oregon.

title:	Hire The Right Brain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unlocktheblock.com%2F
desc:	MargoBermanisatrainer,speaker,facilitator,keynotespeakerlocatedinsouthFlorida.

title:	HumourUs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humourus.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProvidescorporatetrainingintheUK,toachievemorehumourintheworkplacethroughstressmanagement,teambuildingandmotivation.

title:	I Will Not Complain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwnc.net%2F
desc:	Asiancompanyprovidingtraininginperformanceimprovement,changemanagement,teamwork,visionandleadershiptocompaniesandorganisations.

title:	Impact Communications, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.impactcommunicationsinc.com%2F
desc:	Presentationskillstraining,phoneskillstrainingforinsidesales,customerservicerepresentativesandsupervisors.

title:	Impact DTG 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.impact-dtg.com%2F
desc:	Specialisinginchangemanagement,puttingpeopleincontrolofchangemodularmanagementdevelopmentprogrammes,practicalbusinessprospectleddevelopmenteventsoutdoor,basedteammanagementandpersonaldevelopmentevents,excitingchallengingandeffectiveresidentialprogrammes.

title:	Imparta Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imparta.com%2F
desc:	Providingonlinelearning,softwareandcoursesfortraininginstrategy,marketingandsales.BasedinLondon,England.

title:	Incite Teams 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inciteteams.com%2F
desc:	AthreedayteambuildingeventonnarrowboatsontheGrandUnionCanalstartingnorthwestofLondon.

title:	The Information and Training Co. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.informationandtraining.com%2F
desc:	Consultingfirmofferingteambuilding,strategicplanning,timemanagement,andexecutivecoaching.BasedinArizona.

title:	InnerWork 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.innerworkcompany.com%2F
desc:	GlobalmanagementconsultingandtrainingfirmspecializinginprogramsandcorporatemeetingsforSelf,Team,andBusinessChange.

title:	Institute for Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drfredgrosse.com%2F
desc:	Providesmotivationalspeaking,coachingandconsulting.

title:	The Institute for Management Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ims-online.com%2F
desc:	HelpsFortune500companiesdevelopandeducatetheirmanagers.

title:	Institute Of Corporate Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stresseradication.com%2F
desc:	Stresseradicationandcorporatecounselling.

title:	Institutes for Organization Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Finstitute.uschamber.com%2F
desc:	AneducationalprogramoftheU.S.ChamberofCommerceforassociation,ChamberofCommerce,andnot-for-profitexecutives.

title:	Integral Training Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.itsinc.net%2F
desc:	Employeeretentionprogramstoreduceattrition.

title:	Intervista 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intervista-institute.com%2F
desc:	ExecutivedevelopmenttrainingsessionsonITandE-commercemanagementandstrategy.

title:	Irish Business Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibt.ie%2F
desc:	Designsanddeliversprofessionaltrainingandconsulting.

title:	Johnson Training Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnsontraininggroup.com%2F
desc:	Trainingwithafreshperspectiveoncommunication,workingwithpeople,anddealingwithgenerationX.

title:	Kepner-Tregoe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kepner-tregoe.com%2F
desc:	Internationalmanagementconsultingandtrainingfirmspecializingindevelopingandapplyingadvancedproblemsolving,decisionmaking,planning,andprojectmanagementskillstomaximizeindividualandorganizationaleffectiveness.

title:	KWMA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kwma.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offeringeffectiveexperientialtraininginteamworkandleadershipskills.BasedinWales.

title:	Langevin Learning Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.langevin.com%2F
desc:	CertificationcoursesandworkshopsforprofessionaltrainersthroughouttheU.S.andCanada.Includescourseandcompanyinformation.

title:	The Leader's Edge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.the-leaders-edge.com%2F
desc:	Providesapracticallearninganddevelopmentalexperienceforexecutivewomenwhichpreparesthemtoenhancetheireffectivenessandsuccessasseniorleadersintheirorganizations.

title:	Leading Change 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leading-change.co.uk%2F
desc:	Fromstrategytooperationaldelivery,ThisUKcompanyleadschange,developsleadersandmanagersandpublishestoolsandmaterialsbasedonresearchbeyondsituationalleadership.

title:	Leading Edge 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.leadingedge-consultants.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKcompany,deliveringconsultancyandtrainingfordevelopingmanagerial,team,individualandorganizationalperformance.Expertiseindesigningspecificsolutionsforeachclient.

title:	Learning Unlimited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learningunlimited.com%2F
desc:	Experientialcorporateteambuilding,managementproblemsolvingandrelationshipskillsdevelopmenttrainingtechniques.LocatedinOklahoma.

title:	Liberty Systems 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.libertysystems.net%2F
desc:	Offerscorporatetrainingactivitiesandseminarsinorganizationalchangemanagement,workplaceconflictresolution,teambuildingandpartnering,andcommunicationskillsleadership.LocatedinCalifornia.

title:	Liferoute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liferoute.co.uk%2F
desc:	BasedinScotland,offersDirectionsPersonalandBusinessDevelopmentwithteambuilding,leadership,communicationandinterpersonalskillstraining.

title:	Lyatus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lyatus.com%2F
desc:	Strategyconsulting,personalcareerdevelopment,salestraining,angermanagement,competencyaudits,coaching,developmentofinterpersonalandmanagementskills,on-linecourses.LocatedinBelgium.

title:	Maher & Maher 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mahernet.com%2F
desc:	SpecializesineLearning,contentconversion,skillsgapanalysis,trainingsolutiondesign,eGovernmentpartnershipandprocessre-designanddocumentation.

title:	The Main Effort, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maineffort.com%2F
desc:	Atrainingandconsultinggroupthatinspiresindividualstomaximizetheirleadershipabilitythroughacustomized100-hourprogram.BasedinMassachusetts.

title:	The Management Development Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.themdg.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinprofessionaldevelopmenttraining.Teachingpeoplehowtoharnesstheirownpotentialbydevelopingtheirinterpersonalandpeoplemanagementskills.LocatedinWaterloo,Ontario.

title:	Management Education Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.managementeducationgroup.com%2F
desc:	Providessupervisory,management,andleadershipdevelopmentservicesforgovernmentagenciesandbusinesses.Servicesincludetraining,facilitation,andcoaching.LocatedinArizona.

title:	Management Training and Development Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.m-t-d.co.uk%2F
desc:	Offeringopenandin-housecourses,leadershipdevelopmentprogramsandcoaching.Includescasestudies,courseexamples,clientreviewsandfreeonlineseminars.BasedintheUK.

title:	Management Training and Sales Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mitchellphoenix.com%2F
desc:	UKcompanyprovidespersonaldevelopmentprogrammesforalllevelsofmanagement.

title:	Maracon and Associates International Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maracon.ca%2F
desc:	Anorganizationaldevelopmentconsultingfirm,providingnegotiationstrainingandcoachingworldwide.Customizedprogramsinclude:win-winnegotiations,internationalnegotiations,influencingskills,teambuilding,situationalleadership,interactivebusinessplanning.

title:	Matthew Hunter Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.matthewhunter.co.uk%2F
desc:	Improvebusinessperformance.

title:	Measuring and Improving Team Performance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alignmentgroup.com%2F
desc:	Teamsneedameasurementsystemthatprovidesthemwithalineofsightfromthebusinessstrategytotheteam'sstrategyforaccomplishingtheirportionofthebusinessstrategytomeasuresthatreflecttheteam'sstrategy.

title:	Michael Lewis Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.execulink.com%2F%7Emlewis2%2F
desc:	Traininganddevelopmentspeakerwithalargeselectionofpersonalandprofessionaldevelopmenttopics.

title:	Middle Aston House 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.middleastonhouse.com%2F
desc:	MiddleAstonHouseisadedicatedresidentialtraininganddevelopmentcentreintheUKsetin25acresofwoodlandsandlawns,providingteambuilding,leadershipprogrammesandcorporateevents.

title:	Mission Performance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missionperformance.com%2F
desc:	Providesfocusedandrelevanttraininganddevelopmentprogramsinordertoincreaseyourindividual,teamandorganisationalperformance.LocatedintheUK.

title:	Motivational Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.motivationaltraining.com%2F
desc:	Trainingandspeakersinabroadrangeofmanagementskills.Alsosellingtrainingmedia.LocatedintheUK.

title:	Mountain Home Training & Consulting, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mhc-net.com%2F
desc:	Providesbusinessprocessreengineeringtraining.

title:	Mountain Quest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mountainquest.ca%2F
desc:	Operatesteambuilding,leadership,andothercorporatetrainingprogramsandeventsthroughoutwesternCanada.(Calgary,Alberta)

title:	National Center for Continuing Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nccetraining.com%2F
desc:	Offerscontinuingeducationandhigh-qualityexecutivetraining.BasedinFlorida.

title:	National MultiCultural Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nmci.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitorganizationpromotesmulticulturalismanddiversityofferingservicesandtrainingtoindividuals,organizationsandcommunities.

title:	Negotiating Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.negotiatingsolutions.com%2F
desc:	Week-long,residentialimmersionworkshopininterest-basednegotiationspecificallyforaviationandaerospaceprofessionals.

title:	Neil Ford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.neilford.co.uk%2F
desc:	TraininganddevelopmentconsultantbasednearCambridgeUKofferingtrainingdesign,delivery,andcoachingformanagerandsupervisoryskills.

title:	NTS Management Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nts-group.com%2F
desc:	Throughitsclosepartnershipswithleadingbusinessschools,NTShasdevelopedanapproachdrawingonthecuttingedgeofbusinessandpeoplemanagement.

title:	Olive Tree Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Folivetreeassociates.com%2F
desc:	Consultingfirmaddressesorganizationalperformancethroughprocessreengineeringeffortsandtotalqualitymanagement.

title:	One World Music 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oneworldmusic.com%2F
desc:	Throughhands-onmusicmaking,thiscompanyfostersteamwork,leadershipandinnovationintheworkplace,promotingculturalchangeandorganizationaldevelopment.

title:	Operations Service Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suebeyer.com%2F
desc:	Operationsandprofessionaldevelopmenttrainingfirm,focusingonprocessredesign,performancestandards,customerservice,salesrelationshipsandcommunicationsskills.

title:	Organisational Learning Centre, Europe 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.olceurope.com%2F
desc:	Offersbusinesstraining,consultancysolutions,projectmanagementandorganisationalresearch.Informationaboutthecompanyandservices.

title:	OTT Consulting, Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ott-consulting.co.uk%2F
desc:	Specialisesinmanagementdevelopment&andtraining,executivecoaching,organizationalandculturechangeandcareercounselling.LocatedintheUK.

title:	Outdoor Activities Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.altadv.co.uk%2F
desc:	Deliveringoutdoor-oriented,teamworking,educational,andpersonal-developmentcoursesforallskill-levels.

title:	Outsmart Your Brain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Foutsmartyourbrain.com%2F
desc:	OutsmartYourBrain:Professionalandpersonalcoaching,Workshops,seminarsandbooksofferedbyMarciaReynolds,MA,M.Ed.,MasterCertifiedCoachintheareasofleadership,emotionaldevelopmentandteam-building.

title:	Pacific Rim Seminars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bethterry.com%2F
desc:	Customizedtrainingandprofessionalspeakinginareasofcustomerservice,managementdevelopment,managingchange,stress,conflictresolution,teambuilding.SpeakerstravelthroughoutPacificRimandmainlandUSA.Availableforconventionsandkeynotes.

title:	Papillon du Bois 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.papillondubois.co.uk%2F
desc:	Innovativetrainingandcreativeevents.BasedintheUK.

title:	The PAR Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thepargroup.com%2F
desc:	Helpscompaniesimprovecommunicationskills,managementandleadershipdevelopment,salestrainingandcoaching;itstrainingcoursesfocusonimprovinginterpersonalskills.

title:	Parsifal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.parsifal.com.au%2F
desc:	Australiancompanyofferscustomizedtrainingtoimprovetheeffectivenessoforganisationswhichdeliverprofessionalortechnicalservicestoclients.

title:	Partners for Learning and Leadership,Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.partnersforlearning.com%2F
desc:	Trainingtohelpacompanybecomea"LearningOrganization",locatedinRhodeIsland.

title:	Partners in Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pint.co.uk%2F
desc:	Competenceandskillstraining-personaldevelopment,managerialskillsandleadershipcourses.BasedinUK.

title:	Paul D. Cummings, World Wide Enterprises 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.paulcummings.com%2F
desc:	Providestrainingintheareasoffinancialmanagementandsales.LocatedinChattanooga,Tennessee.

title:	PaulHannan.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpaulhannan.com%2F
desc:	Corporatecoachingandmentoring,successtechniquesforsales,executivesandlifeingeneral,locatedinAustralia.

title:	Peak Potentials Training & Consulting 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coremap.com%2F
desc:	CompanybasedinDallas,Texasoffersawidevarietyoftrainingprogramswithtechniquesthatmanagersandsupervisorscanusetooptimizetheeffectivenessofeveryemployee.

title:	Peak Rhythms 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peakrhythms.com%2F
desc:	ConsultingservicesofferHealthRhythmsProtocolcoordinatedseriesofrhythmprogramsforteam-building,conflictresolution,andpersonalgrowth.Programsisadaptedtoeachclient.

title:	People Scope 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.peoplescope.com%2F
desc:	Consulting,traininganddevelopmentalserviceproviderintheUK,specialisinginClient/customerRelationshipManagement,businessdevelopment,managementandleadershipskills.

title:	Performance Associates Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.performanceassociates.co.nz%2F
desc:	NewZealandcompanyofferstrainingprogramsinperformanceappraisals,staffrecruitmentandselection,performancecoachingandcounselling,retailsellingskills,customerservice.

title:	Performance Directed Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pdm.com.au%2F
desc:	Melbourne-basedmanagementtrainingandconsulting.

title:	Performance Dynamics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fperformancedynamics.com.au%2F
desc:	InternalConsultingSkillscoursesinAustralia,NewZealandandUnitedKingdom.Highlyparticipative2and3-daycoursesforinternalandexternalconsultants.

title:	The Pinnacle Leadership Group, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinnacleleadership.com%2F
desc:	Providesassistanceintheareasofleadershipskills,partnering,teambuilding,projectmanagement,andstrategicplanning.LocatedinScottsdale,Arizona.

title:	Positive Actions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.positiveactions.com%2F
desc:	Deliverscustomizedorganizationaltraininganddevelopmentseminarsandkeynotespeeches.

title:	Powerful Methods Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.powerfulmethods.com%2F
desc:	Providescoachingandtrainingformanagers,basedonSystems-Thinking.

title:	Praxis Life Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpraxislifesciences.com%2F
desc:	Provideslearningservicesfocusingonstrategy,deliverychannelsandcourses.

title:	Presentation Partners 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.presentation-partners.co.uk%2F
desc:	Providestailormadetrainingprogrammesonanin-housebasistomeetclientsrequirements.Workswithsmallgroupsandindividualstoprovidetraining.UKbasedcompanyworksinternationally.

title:	The Principle Practice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.principlepractice.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKbasedtraininganddevelopmentprovideroffersaselectionoftrainingsolutionsaswellasabespokedesignservice.

title:	Productive Training Services 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.productivetraining.com%2F
desc:	AhumanresourcesdevelopmentfirmbasedinAnnArbor,Michigan-specializesinmanagement,teamandemployeecommunicationskillenhancementworkshops,seminarsandassessments.

title:	Quest Group Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.questgroup.com.au%2F
desc:	OfferscorporateclientsinnovativeandprofessionaldevelopmentandteambuildingprogramsthroughoutAustraliaandtheAsiaPacificRegion.

title:	Relational Advantage, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.drlinaman.com%2F
desc:	Executivecoaching,professionaltraininganddevelopment,andorganizationalconsulting.LocatedinTucson,Arizona.

title:	Ridge Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ridge.com%2F
desc:	Coursesincludeperformancemanagement,interpersonalcommunication,coaching,teamdevelopment,andsales.Theyalsoofferdevelopmentcoursesfortrainingprofessionals.

title:	Rifenbary Training and Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rifenbary.com%2F
desc:	Speakerandtraineroffersmotivationalseminars,workshops,andleadershipdevelopment.LocatedinNewYork.

title:	Roger Reece Seminars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rogerreece.com%2F
desc:	Trainerandmotivationalspeaker,locatedinGeorgia,providesproductivitytraining,keynotespeechesandteambuildingseminars.

title:	Sabre Corporate Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sabrehq.com%2F
desc:	Innovativeteambuildingsolutionstosuiteveryneed-fromcorporateconferencestostrategicbusinessfocus.

title:	Scquare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.scquare.com%2F
desc:	Hastrainersthroughouttheworldofferingfulltraininginitsspecialistareasofthinkingstrategicallyandthencommunicatingeffectively.

title:	Sittcom, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sittcom.com%2F
desc:	Workplaceissuestraining,consulting,executivecoaching.Topics:conflictresolution,harassment,customerservice,workplaceviolence.Freenewsletter.

title:	Skern Lodge Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.skernlodge.co.uk%2F
desc:	ProfessionaloutdooractivitycentrefortheUK,locatedinSouthwestEngland,providestrainingformanagers.

title:	Small development center in Vietnam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsme-vn.bizhosting.com%2F
desc:	BusinesstraininginVietnam

title:	Soaring Eagle Enterprises 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.soaringeagleent.com%2F
desc:	Providerofcustomizedtraining,seminars,workshops,retreatsandspeakingservices,locatedinLasVegas.

title:	Stephen Neiman & Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stephen-neiman.ca%2F
desc:	Trainingcoursesincross-culturaltraining,managementtraining,diversitymanagement,professionaldevelopment,interpersonalskills,organizationdevelopment,andprocessfacilitation.LocatedinOttawa,Canada.

title:	The Success Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thesuccessinstitute.com%2F
desc:	Thisisaresourceformanytypesofmanagementtraining,locatedinSanDiego.Programsincludenegotiating,teambuilding,conflictresolution,customerservice.

title:	TalkingVillage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.talkingvillage.com%2F
desc:	Globalcommunityofmanagersthatlearnanddevelopbycollaboratingwiththeirpeers.

title:	Team Dynamics International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teamdynamics.co.uk%2F
desc:	Personalimprovement,corporateentertainment,andteambuilding.BasedintheUK.

title:	Team New England 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teambuildingne.com%2F
desc:	Facilitationofadventureteambuilding,leadershipdevelopmentand360degreefeedbackprogramsforhighperformanceworkorganizations.

title:	Team Trek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teamtrek.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesexperientialteambuildingandleadershiptraininginanoutdoorsettinginArkansas.Offerscustomizedprogramsforcorporateclients.

title:	The Teambuilding Company 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teambuilding.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKcompanyofferscorporateteambuildingeventsandactivitiespackages.Genericandcustomdesignedeventsareavailable.

title:	TOM International, Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.enlightenedresponse.com%2F
desc:	Offeringavarietyofmanagementdevelopmentworkshopsandmaterials.

title:	Total Coverage 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.totalcoverage.net%2F
desc:	Providesworkshops,seminars,retreatsandkeynotesoncommunication,supervision,customerserviceandleadership.BasedinPennsylvania.

title:	The Trainers Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainersdirect.com%2F
desc:	Managementdevelopmentseminarsdesignedtoenableorganizationstoincreasetheirproductivityandprofitabilityandreinforcetheirorganizationsvaluesandculture.BasedinNewYork.

title:	Training Education Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainingeducationmanagement.com%2F
desc:	Providingperformanceconsulting,instructionaldesign,humanresourcemanagementandadulteducationcustomsolutions.LocatedinRedondoBeach,California.

title:	Training In Action 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tia.co.uk%2F
desc:	Establishedproviderofoutdoormanagementdevelopmentandteamdevelopment,operatingbothintheUKandoverseas.

title:	The Training Registry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trainingregistry.com%2F
desc:	Directoryoftrainers,seminars,workshops,onlinecourses,andconsultingserviceproviders.

title:	Training Services On Demand 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tsod.com%2F
desc:	Nationwideproviderofon-sitecorporatetrainingcoursesandseminars,specializinginteambuilding,leadership,presentationskills,andMBTIprograms.

title:	TRIOCT 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trioct.com%2F
desc:	Unifiedmanagementdevelopmentservicesandproductstobusinessandgovernment:training,consulting,coaching,mentoring,andproducts.

title:	UMD Professional Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umdprofessional.co.uk%2F
desc:	ManagementdevelopmentandbusinesstrainingforprofessionalsintheUK,providingeffectivetrainingsolutionsfordentists,solicitors,vets,architectsandsurveyors.

title:	Unique Solutions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uniquesolutions.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKtrainingandeventmanagementcompanydevelopscreativemethodsofdeliveringtrainingandcommunication.

title:	Uzelac Enhancement Team 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenhancementteam.com%2F
desc:	Leadershipandmanagementtrainingatyoursiteorinaretreatenvironment.LocatedinOhio.

title:	Vandergriff Consulting Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vandergriffgroup.com%2F
desc:	Providestrainingandconsultingtopublicandprivatesectororganizationsonthetopicsofconflictandperformance.

title:	Venture Up 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ventureup.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinfun,interactiveteambuildingandexperientiallearningprogramstopromoteteamspiritandorganizationalsuccess.LocatedinArizona.

title:	Vision Leadership 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visionleadership.com%2F
desc:	Corporategames,teambuildingworkshops,andleadershipdevelopmentprograms.Alsobuildschallengecoursesandclimbingtowers.

title:	Vista Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvista-development.com%2F
desc:	On-siteprogramsinleadership,managementandbusinessdevelopment,customizedtoclientneeds.ServingMetroChicago.

title:	The Washington Campus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washcampus.edu%2F
desc:	ExecutiveseminarsandMBAsummercampsfocusingonlinkagesbetweenbusinessandgovernment.Informationonavailableprograms.

title:	Watershed Associates, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwatershedassociates.com%2F
desc:	AWashington,DC-basedinternationalorganizationfocusedonnegotiationstrainingtobusinessandgovernmentagenciesworldwide.

title:	The Welford Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thewelfordgroup.com%2F
desc:	TrainingandconsultingfirmlocatedinPhiladelphia,offerscustomizedtrainingandorganizationdevelopmentsolutions.

title:	What Now Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.users.globalnet.co.uk%2F%7Ebnk
desc:	UKbasedcompanyprovidesexperientiallearningthroughmanagementdevelopmentwiththeenjoymentandbenefitsofacorporateteamfunevent.

title:	Wild Events 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wildevents.co.uk%2F
desc:	UKcompanycreatescustomteambuildingevents.Subjectsincludeteamwork,communication,planningandnegotiation.

title:	Wild Track Business Solutions Ltd 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wild-track.com%2F
desc:	Managementtrainingandoutdoordevelopment.

title:	William A. Malek and Associates 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.strategy2reality.com%2F
desc:	Strategicfacilitation,projectmanagementandtrainingforcreativityandinnovationintheknowledgeeconomy.

title:	WITS - Corporate Team Building 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.witsinteractive.com%2F
desc:	Custom,interactiveteambuildingwithanimprovcomedyapproach,bringsteamstogetherwhilehavingfunintheprocess.LocatedinSanDiego.

title:	Women Unlimited 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.women-unlimited.com%2F
desc:	ProvideswomeninFortune1000organizationswithleadershipdevelopmentprogramsthatassistintheachievementofparityintheworkplacethroughmentoring,educationalandnetworkingopportunities.

title:	Work Life Balance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worklifebalance.com%2F
desc:	Offersprogramsforwork-lifebalance,stressmanagementintheworkplace,timemanagementtraining,andcustomerservicetraining.

title:	The Working Circle 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.theworkingcircle.com%2F
desc:	Teambuildingadventuresthatprovideprofessionalswiththeskillstotransformthewayorganizationscommunicate,collaborateandresolveconflicts.BasedinTucson,Arizona.

title:	WorkLife Performance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=business&cat=Business%2FManagement%2FEducation_and_Training&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worklifeperformance.com%2F
desc:	Consultingfirmfocusedonfamily-friendlypolicies,creativeperks,andflexibleworkpracticestomaximizeworkersatisfaction.

title:	West Virginia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWest_Virginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.wvu.edu%2F
desc:	Profile,staffandstudents.

title:	Christopher Newport University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcnu.edu%2Fgovernment%2F
desc:	Includesadescriptionofcourses,requirements,afacultylistingandprograms.

title:	George Mason University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolicy.gmu.edu%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	George Mason University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fspgia.gmu.edu%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationabouttheDepartmentofPublicandInternationalAffairsincludingfacultyandstaff,undergraduateandgraduatestudydegreeprograms,resourcesandlinks,andinternships.

title:	Hollins University: Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hollins.edu%2Facademics%2Fpolitical%2F
desc:	Amajorprogramthatemphasizestherelationshipbetweenpoliticsintheoryandpoliticsinaction,andpreparesstudentsforemploymentinfieldssuchaslaw,journalism,internationalbusiness,andpublicservice.

title:	James Madison University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jmu.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Containscareerinformation,contacts,newsitems,graduateandundergraduateresources,acourselisting.

title:	Radford University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.radford.edu%2Fcontent%2Fchbs%2Fhome%2Fpolitical-science.html%2F
desc:	Includesalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources.

title:	University of Richmond 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.richmond.edu%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Virginia Commonwealth University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.has.vcu.edu%2Fgov%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Virginia Tech) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVirginia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psci.vt.edu%2F
desc:	Containscareerinformation,contacts,newsitems,graduateandundergraduateresources,acourselisting.

title:	Gonzaga University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gonzaga.edu%2FAcademics%2FColleges-and-Schools%2FCollege-of-Arts-and-Sciences%2FMajors-Programs%2FPolitical-Science%2Fdefault.asp
desc:	Providesinformationonprograms,courses,requirements,faculty,resourcesandcontactdetails.

title:	University of Puget Sound 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pugetsound.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-and-programs%2Fundergraduate%2Fpolitics-government%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthedepartment,degreeprograms,faculty,courses,photographs,scholarshipsandfelloswhips,employmentandcontactdetails.

title:	University of Washington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polisci.washington.edu%2F
desc:	Organizedintopoliticaltheory,Americangovernmentandpolitics,internationalrelations,andcomparativepoliticsoffersinformationonprograms,courses,events,jobs,resourcesandcontactinformation.

title:	Washington State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpppa.wsu.edu%2F
desc:	Offersinformationonprograms,resources,events,news,researchfaculty,criminaljusticeandcontactdetails.

title:	Whitman College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.whitman.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-and-programs%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Withtheaimofcultivatingacriticalabilitytointerpretpoliticalquestions,offersinformationonprofessors,courses,research,majorrequirementsandcontactinformation.

title:	American University - School of International Service 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsubjectguides.library.american.edu%2Fgovt
desc:	Providesauniqueenvironmentforlearningandprofessionalenhancement.Itisacommunitycomprisedofscholars,practitioners,andstudentsfromaroundtheworld.

title:	Catholic University of America 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolitics.cua.edu%2F
desc:	OffersundergraduatesabachelorofartsdegreewithspecializedconcentrationsinAmericangovernment,politicaltheory,andworldpolitics.

title:	Galludet University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gallaudet.edu%2Fgpa%2Fgovernment.html
desc:	Informationonhistory,courses,majorrequirementsandlistoffaculty.

title:	George Washington University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.columbian.gwu.edu%2F
desc:	AnationallyrecognizedprogramwithemphasesinAmericanPolitics,ComparativePolitics,andInternationalRelations.

title:	Georgetown University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgovernment.georgetown.edu%2F
desc:	Oneoftheleading"fullservice"programsinpoliticalscienceintheUnitedStates.

title:	Institute of World Politics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iwp.edu%2F
desc:	RootsitselfinAmericanvalues:ofdemocracy,offreemarkets,oftraditionalJudeo-Christianconceptsaboutthejustuseofforce.

title:	Johns Hopkins University - SAIS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FWashington%2C_DC&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sais-jhu.edu%2F
desc:	Aleadinggraduateschoolofinternationalaffairs,educatingstudentsforprofessionalcareersingovernment,business,journalism,internationallawandnon-profitorganizations.

title:	Middlebury College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.middlebury.edu%2Facademics%2Fps
desc:	Includesprograminformationandcoursedetails.

title:	University of Vermont 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FVermont&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvm.edu%2F%7Epolisci%2F
desc:	Department,academic,faculty,andclassinformation.

title:	University of Utah 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.poli-sci.utah.edu%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthedepartment'sfacultyanddistanceeducationopportunities

title:	Utah State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FUtah&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.usu.edu%2F
desc:	Includesdegreerequirementsandadvice,coursecatalogue,faculty,announcements,scholarships,internships,classschedules,andlinks.

title:	Baylor University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.baylor.edu%2Fpolitical_science%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources.

title:	Lamar University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartssciences.lamar.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Midwestern State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Flibarts.mwsu.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Containscareerinformation,contacts,newsitems,graduateandundergraduateresources,acourselisting.

title:	Rice University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.rice.edu%2F
desc:	Containsalistingofcourses,anoverview,alumni,studentclubsandactivities,newsitems,andnews.

title:	Sam Houston State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.shsu.edu%2F%7Epol_www%2F
desc:	Describescoursesavailable,afacultylistingandphotograph,relatedlinks,theprogramsoffered,andadmissions.

title:	San Antonio College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alamo.edu%2Fsac%2Fgov%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthedepartment'sfacultyanddistanceeducationopportunities.

title:	St. Mary's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.stmarytx.edu%2Facademics%2Fhumanities%2Fundergraduate%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Stephen F. Austin State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfasu.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Texas A & M University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpols.tamu.edu%2F
desc:	Describescoursesavailable,afacultylistingandphotograph,relatedlinks,theprogramsoffered,andadmissions.

title:	Texas Tech University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.depts.ttu.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	University of North Texas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.unt.edu%2F
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	University of Texas - Arlington 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uta.edu%2Fpols
desc:	Containsadescriptionofcourses,requirements,afacultylistingandprograms.

title:	University of Texas - Dallas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTexas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utdallas.edu%2Fdept%2Fsocsci%2F
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation.

title:	University of South Dakota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Dakota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usd.edu%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Includesalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources.

title:	Belmont University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.belmont.edu%2Fps%2F
desc:	-Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Eastern Tennessee State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etsu.edu%2Fcas%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Includesdegreerequirementsandadvice,coursecatalogue,faculty,announcements,scholarships,internships,classschedules,andlinks.

title:	Middle Tennessee State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mtsu.edu%2Fprograms%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Includesanintroduction,suggestedlinks,acareercenter,research,faculty,andinternationalstudyopportunities

title:	Union University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uu.edu%2Funion%2Facadem%2Fhistory
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation.

title:	University of Memphis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.memphis.edu%2F
desc:	Includesadescriptionofcourses,requirements,afacultylistingandprograms.

title:	Vanderbilt University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FTennessee&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanderbilt.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Containsalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources.

title:	Brown University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brown.edu%2Facademics%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Includesafacultypreview,courselisting,andoptionsformajors.

title:	Providence College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.providence.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Describescoursesavailable,afacultylistingandphotograph,relatedlinks,theprogramsoffered,andadmissions.

title:	University of Rhode Island 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FRhode_Island&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uri.edu%2Fartsci%2Fpsc%2F
desc:	Containsrelatedlinks,facultyinformation,anoverviewofthecurriculum,contacts,scholarships,andhonorsocieties.

title:	Oregon State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fliberalarts.oregonstate.edu%2Fspp%2Fpolisci
desc:	Includesalistingofcourses,anoverview,alumni,studentclubsandactivities,newsitems,andavirtualnewsroom.

title:	Portland State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pdx.edu%2Fhatfieldschool%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Containsrelatedlinks,facultyinformation,anoverviewofthecurriculum,contacts,scholarships,andhonorsocieties.

title:	University of Oregon 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOregon&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdarkwing.uoregon.edu%2F%7Epolisci%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	East Central University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecok.edu%2Facademic-affairs-programs%2Facademics%2Fcolleges-schools%2Fcollege-liberal-arts-and-social-sciences%2Fdepartment-political-science-legal-studies
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	University of Oklahoma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ou.edu%2Fcas%2Fpsc
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,andintroductiontothefaculty,abulletinboard,coursesthatareoffered,andanewsletter.

title:	University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOklahoma&url=https%3A%2F%2Fusao.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajor%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Includesalistingofcourses,anoverview,alumni,studentclubsandactivities,newsitems,andavirtualnewsroom.

title:	Baldwin-Wallace University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bw.edu%2Facademics%2Fundergraduate%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	Bowling Green State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bgsu.edu%2Farts-and-sciences%2Fpolitical-science.html
desc:	Describescoursesavailable,afacultylistingandphotograph,relatedlinks,theprogramsoffered,andadmissions.

title:	Case Western Reserve University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.case.edu%2F
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation.

title:	Cleveland State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csuohio.edu%2Fclass%2Fpolitical-science%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Containsalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources.

title:	Denison University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.denison.edu%2Fpolysci
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Kenyon College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kenyon.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-programs%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Containscareerinformation,contacts,newsitems,graduateandundergraduateresources,acourselisting.

title:	Miami University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.miamioh.edu%2Fcas%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Undergraduateandgraduateprogramdetails,faculty,anddepartmentweblog.

title:	Muskingum University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuskingum.edu%2Fdept%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Oberlin College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oberlin.edu%2F%7Epolitics%2F
desc:	Containsinternshipdetails,researchinformation,faculty,departmentalaffairs,andcourses.

title:	Ohio State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.osu.edu%2F
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Ohio University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ohio.edu%2Fcas%2Fpols%2F
desc:	Containsafacultypreview,courselisting,andoptionsformajors.

title:	University of Akron 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uakron.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Describescoursesavailable,afacultylistingandphotograph,relatedlinks,theprogramsoffered,andadmissions.

title:	University of Dayton 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.udayton.edu%2Fartssciences%2Facademics%2Fpoliticalscience%2Fwelcome%2Findex.php
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	University of Toledo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FOhio&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utoledo.edu%2Fmajors%2F%3FPolitical%2BScience%2Band%2BPublic%2BAdministration
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,coursedescriptions,requirements,studentclubs,andfaculty.

title:	Appalachian State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.appstate.edu%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	Campbell University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.campbell.edu%2Fartsandsciences%2Fgovernment%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Davidson College - Department of Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.davidson.edu%2Facademics%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Describesrequirementsforthebaccalaureatemajor,careerfields,andthehonorsprogram.Informationaboutdepartmentalevents,theDavidsoninWashingtonprogram,andcurrentcourseofferingsavailable.Linkstofacultyprofiles.

title:	Duke University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.duke.edu%2F
desc:	Containsinternshipdetails,researchinformation,faculty,departmentalaffairs,andcourses.

title:	East Carolina University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecu.edu%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources.

title:	Elon University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.elon.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	DepartmentofPoliticalScienceandPublicAdministration.

title:	University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unc.edu%2Fdepts%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Careerinformation,contacts,newsitems,graduateandundergraduateresources,acourselisting.dentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	University of North Carolina - Charlotte 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.uncc.edu%2F
desc:	Includesafacultylisting,courses,newsitems,relatedlinks,andgraduateandundergraduateprograms.

title:	University of North Carolina - Greensboro 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNorth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uncg.edu%2Fpsc%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,facultylisting,andcoursedescriptions.

title:	The Citadel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.citadel.edu%2Froot%2Fpoliticalscience
desc:	Includesanintroduction,suggestedlinks,acareercenter,research,faculty,andinternationalstudyopportunities.

title:	College of Charleston 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.cofc.edu%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Erskine College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erskine.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	Furman University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.furman.edu%2Facademics%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Containsalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources

title:	University of South Carolina 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FSouth_Carolina&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartsandsciences.sc.edu%2Fpoli%2Fwelcome
desc:	Includesadescriptionofcourses,requirements,afacultylistingandprograms.

title:	Adelphi University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Facademics.adelphi.edu%2Fartsci%2Fpol%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	Barnard College of Columbia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.columbia.edu%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	Binghamton University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.binghamton.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Canisius College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.canisius.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Colgate University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colgate.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-and-programs%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Columbia University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.columbia.edu%2Fcu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources

title:	Cornell University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgovernment.arts.cornell.edu%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	CUNY -- Brooklyn College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brooklyn.cuny.edu%2Fweb%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Fsocialsciences%2Fundergraduate%2Fpolisci.php
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	CUNY-Hunter College Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaxweber.hunter.cuny.edu%2F
desc:	Includesalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources.

title:	CUNY-John Jay College of Criminal Justice 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jjay.cuny.edu%2F
desc:	OffersBAinGovernment.

title:	Fordham University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fordham.edu%2Finfo%2F20845%2Fpolitical_science
desc:	Includesafacultypreview,courselisting,andoptionsformajors

title:	Hamilton College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.hamilton.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2FHome%3Fdept%3DPublic%2BPolicy
desc:	Containsrelatedlinks,facultyinformation,anoverviewofthecurriculum,contacts,scholarships,andhonorsocieties.

title:	Iona College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iona.edu%2FAcademics%2FSchool-of-Arts-Science%2FDepartments%2FEnvironmental-Studies%2FMajors%2FPolitical-Science-Politics-and-Policy.aspx
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,facultyprofiles,relatedlinks,requirements,andadmissionsinformation.

title:	Ithaca College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ithaca.edu%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	LeMoyne College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lemoyne.edu%2FLearn%2FColleges-Schools-Centers%2FCollege-of-Arts-Sciences%2FMajors-Minors%2FPolitical-Science
desc:	Includesalistingoffaculty,researchtopics,majors,internships,theoff-campusstudyprogram,andcertificationdetails.

title:	Long Island University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.liu.edu%2F
desc:	Includessixlocations,theFriendsWorldProgram,newsitems,publications,awardsandupcomingevents

title:	Marist College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marist.edu%2Fliberalarts%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Containscareerinformation,contacts,newsitems,graduateandundergraduateresources,acourselisting.

title:	New York University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolitics.as.nyu.edu%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Niagara University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.niagara.edu%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,coursedescriptions,requirements,studentclubs,andfaculty.

title:	Rochester Institute Of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rit.edu%2Fcla%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Generaldepartmentalinformation,courses,faculty,majoroverview,andstudentresources.

title:	Siena College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siena.edu%2Fpolitical%2F
desc:	Includesdegreerequirementsandadvice,coursecatalogue,faculty,announcements,scholarships,internships,classschedules,andlinks.

title:	St. John Fisher College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjfc.edu%2F
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation

title:	SUNY Oswego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.oswego.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,coursedescriptions,requirements,studentclubs,andfaculty.

title:	SUNY University at Albany - Department of Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.albany.edu%2Frockefeller%2Fpos%2F
desc:	RockefellerCollegeunit'sfacultyandstaff,undergraduateandgraduateprograms,courseinformation,careerservices,andinformationforprospectivestudents.

title:	SUNY-Buffalo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwings.buffalo.edu%2Fpol-sci%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	SUNY-Fredonia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fredonia.edu%2Fdepartment%2Fpolisci
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	SUNY-Stony Brook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stonybrook.edu%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Informationonhistory,courses,majorrequirementsandlistoffaculty.

title:	Swarthmore College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.swarthmore.edu%2FSocSci%2FPoliSci%2F
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Syracuse University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maxwell.syr.edu%2Fpsc
desc:	Includesdegreerequirementsandadvice,coursecatalogue,faculty,announcements,scholarships,internships,classschedules,andlinks.

title:	Union College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmuse.union.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Courselistings,overview,scheduleandphilosophy.

title:	University of Rochester 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rochester.edu%2Fcollege%2Fpsc%2F
desc:	Includesafacultylisting,courses,newsitems,relatedlinks,andgraduateandundergraduateprograms.

title:	Vassar College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_York&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.vassar.edu%2F
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation

title:	101 Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.101languages.net%2F
desc:	TranslateEnglishphrasesintomanydifferentlanguages,andcoursesinvarioustopics.

title:	don Quijote: Spanish Language Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.donquijote.org%2Fspanishlanguage%2F
desc:	Containsadirectoryofgrammarbasedresources,educationcenters,dictionaries,tutorials,andtranslation.

title:	Famous Quotes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwisdomquotes.org%2F
desc:	SayingsaboutlifelovefunnyandinspirationalproverbsinEnglishChineseandJapanese.

title:	Goethe-Verlag Tests 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goethe-verlag.com%2Ftests%2F
desc:	Containstestsinmanylanguages,youcanalsofindvocabularyexercises.

title:	ielanguages.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ielanguages.com%2F
desc:	Contains14languagesforonlinelearning,includinggrammarandvocabulary.

title:	JLearnIt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jlearnit.com%2F
desc:	amultilingualdictionarysoftwarewherewordsaresortedbycategories.Italsohelpsyoulearnthevocabularyofanotherlanguageprogressively.

title:	Language Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Flanguage-directory.50webs.com%2F
desc:	Linkstoonlinelanguagecourses,dictionaries,newspapersandradio-stations.

title:	Language Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learnalanguage.com%2F
desc:	Learnupto8foreignlanguagesforfreewithaudiolessonsandgames.

title:	Language Lessons 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Flearn101.org%2F
desc:	Learnlanguagesthroughlessonssuchasalphabet,adjectives,nouns,plural,gender,numbers,phrases,grammar,vocabulary,verbs,exam,audio,andtranslation.

title:	Languages Links 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fsite%2Flinks4languages%2F
desc:	Provideslanguagelearninglinksfordozensoflanguagesaswellasgenerallanguagelearningadvice.

title:	Learn Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmylanguages.org%2F
desc:	Siteoffers20lessonsinmorethan50languagesfromAfrikaanstoZulu.

title:	Logos Translation Service Ltd. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.logos.it%2F
desc:	Dictionaries,toolbar,glossaries,wordgamesandtranslationcourse.

title:	LonWeb 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lonweb.org%2F
desc:	Provideslinkstolanguage-relatedsites.AlsohasstoriesinEnglishandmanyotherlanguages,writteninsmallparallelsections,helpingthereadertolearnalanguagebycomparison.

title:	Memorista 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.memorista.com%2F
desc:	Makeslearningforeignlanguagevocabularyeasier,usingmnemonics.

title:	Omniglot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.omniglot.com%2F
desc:	Showsthealphabetandphrasesofhundredsoflanguages,includingthesound,pronunciationandgrammar.

title:	Polyglot Club 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolyglotclub.com%2F
desc:	Dedicatedtolanguagelearningandteachingonline.Registrationrequired.

title:	Quick Fix of Multiple Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Flanguages.lcweblink.info%2F
desc:	Compareandhelplearnspeak6mostpopularlanguages(English,Chinese,Japanese,French,Spanish,andGerman)

title:	SayJack 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sayjack.com%2F
desc:	HelpslearnChinese,Japanese,KoreanandEnglish,vocabularypracticeinspeakingandwriting.

title:	SharedTalk Language Exchange 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sharedtalk.com%2F
desc:	Communityofpeoplefrom143countriesandisdedicatedtolanguageexchangeandlanguagelearning.

title:	Surface Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.surfacelanguages.com%2F
desc:	AlanguagelearningresourcewhichcontainsthousandsofwordsandphrasesinlanguagesfromArabictoSwahili.

title:	Unforgettable Languages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FEducation%2FMulti-Language&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unforgettablelanguages.com%2F
desc:	Containslanguagecoursesinmanylanguages,andfocusesonmethodsthathelpthevisitorremembermostofthewordslearned.

title:	Drew University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.depts.drew.edu%2Fpsci%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	Fairleigh Dickinson University Department of Social Sciences and History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fview.fdu.edu%2Fdefault.aspx%3Fid%3D49
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	Princeton University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.princeton.edu%2F%7Epolitics%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Rowan College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rowan.edu%2Fcolleges%2Fchss%2Fdepartments%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Rutgers University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polisci.rutgers.edu%2F
desc:	Includesalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources.

title:	Seton Hall University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Jersey&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww13.shu.edu%2Facademics%2Fartsci%2Fpolitical-science-public-affairs%2Findex.cfm
desc:	Generalinformation,careerandinternshipdetails,andlinks.

title:	CAL Digests 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cal.org%2Fresources%2Fdigest%2F
desc:	Digestsofeducationalresearch,originallycompiledbytheERICClearinghouseandnowdistributedbytheCenterforAppliedLinguistics.

title:	Center for Advanced Language Proficiency Education and Research (CALPER) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcalper.la.psu.edu%2F
desc:	AtPennsylvaniaStateUniversity.Conductsresearchtoimprovetheenvironmentofadvanced-levelforeignlanguageteaching,learningandassessment.

title:	Center for the Advancement of Distinguished Language Proficiency 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fadlpcenter.sdsu.edu%2F
desc:	Providesresourcesforstudentsandteacherswhoareinterestedinhowlanguagelearnersreachnear-nativelevelsofforeignlanguageproficiency.

title:	FLTEACH Forum 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cortland.edu%2Fflteach%2F
desc:	E-maillistforforeignlanguageteacherswithtechnicalquestions.Archives,subscriptioninformation,frequentlyaskedquestions.

title:	Foreign Language Lesson Plans and Resources for Teachers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csun.edu%2F%7Ehcedu013%2Feslsp.html
desc:	Annotatedlinkstoresourcesforteachersofavarietyoflanguages.

title:	Languages Other Than English Center for Educational Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sedl.org%2Floteced%2F
desc:	WorkstoenhancetheskillsofLOTEteachersinTexas.Includesonlinecourses,informationaboutproductsforteachers.

title:	National Foreign Language Resource Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nflrc.hawaii.edu%2F
desc:	OperatedbytheUniversityofHawaii,UnitedStates.Coversprojects,publicationsandprofessionaldevelopment.

title:	Reading in a Foreign Language (RFL) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnflrc.hawaii.edu%2Frfl%2F
desc:	RefereedonlinejournalpublishedattheUniversityofHawaii.PapersavailableinPDFandHTMLformats.

title:	Why, How, and When Should My Child Learn a Second Language? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FLinguistics%2FLanguages%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidsource.com%2Fkidsource%2Fcontent3%2Fsecond.language.p.k12.2.html
desc:	ArticlebyKathleenMarcosonthebenefitsofearlysecondlanguageeducation.

title:	Abacus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abacus-communications.com%2F
desc:	[Win]Foreignlanguagetrainingsoftwareforbusiness.

title:	Anotek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anotek.com%2F
desc:	[Win]SoftwareforlearningFrench,EnglishandGreek

title:	Classics Research Software and Bibliographies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.maierphil.de%2F
desc:	[Win]OffersresearchsoftwareandbibliographiesforLatinandAncientGreek

title:	Declan's Software 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhomepage.eircom.net%2F%7Edeclan%2F
desc:	[Win]GrammarprogramsforlearningIrish

title:	DynEd International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dyned.com%2F
desc:	[Win-Mac]Multimedialanguagelearningsoftware(ESL,Spanish,Japanese)forschools,universitiesandcorporations.

title:	Easy Soft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.1-easysoft.com%2F
desc:	EasyLanguageseriesforlearningSpanish,GermanandFrench.Thesoftwarehasastrongfocusonvocabularylearning.

title:	EuroTalk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Feurotalk.com%2F
desc:	LanguageLearningSoftwareforover100languages.Frombeginnertoadvancedlevels,severalproductsareavailable.

title:	Fluenz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fluenz.com%2F
desc:	[Win-Mac]LanguagelearningsoftwareforChinese(Mandarin),SpanishandFrenchusingadvancedmultimediafeatures.

title:	Hello World 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hello-world.com%2F
desc:	[Win]Interactivesoftwareforlearninglanguages

title:	L-Ceps Personaltrainer 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.l-ceps.com%2F
desc:	[Win-Mac-Linux]LanguageLearningSoftware.LearnArabic,Burmese,Chinese(Mandarin),Hindi,Japanese,Korean,Tagalog(Filipino),ThaiorVietnamese.Thesoftwareishighlyadaptabletothelearner'spersonallearningstyle.

title:	L-Lingo Language Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.l-lingo.com%2F
desc:	FreeLanguageLearningonlineapplicationandSoftware.LearnArabic,Burmese,Chinese(Mandarin),Hindi,Japanese,Korean,Malay,Tagalog(Filipino),ThaiorVietnamese.

title:	Language Adventure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.magictheatre.com%2Flanguage.html
desc:	[Win]CD-ROMcapturestheattentionofchildreninananimatedstory.ForESL,French,German,Spanish,Italian,English.

title:	Rosetta Stone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FSoftware%2FEducational%2FLanguages&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rosettastone.com%2F
desc:	[Win-Mac]Offersmultimedialanguagelearningsoftwareinavarietyoflanguages

title:	Dartmouth College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dartmouth.edu%2F%7Egovt%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduatedegrees.Courseandprogramdescriptions,organizations,andfacultyinformation.

title:	Franklin Pierce University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Hampshire&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.franklinpierce.edu%2Facademics%2Fugrad%2Fprograms_of_study%2Fhumanities%2Fpolitical_science%2Findex.htm
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Creighton College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.creighton.edu%2Fccas%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduatedegrees.Courseandprogramdescriptions,organizations,andfacultyinformation.

title:	University of Nebraska-Lincoln 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNebraska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.unl.edu%2F
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	Albright College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffaculty.albright.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Includesalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources.

title:	Allegheny College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.allegheny.edu%2Fpoliticalsci%2F
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation.

title:	Arcadia University Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.arcadia.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Includesadescriptionofcourses,requirements,afacultylistingandprograms.

title:	Bucknell University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bucknell.edu%2FPoliticalScience%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	Carnegie Mellon University: Department of Social and Decision Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmu.edu%2Fdietrich%2Fsds%2F
desc:	Interdisciplinaryundergraduateandgraduatedepartment.Providescourseinformation,facultylisting,andcoursedescriptions.

title:	Dickinson College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dickinson.edu%2Fhomepage%2F132%2Fpolitical_science
desc:	Includesanintroduction,suggestedlinks,acareercenter,research,faculty,andinternationalstudyopportunities.

title:	East Stroudsburg University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.esu.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical_science%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,coursedescriptions,requirements,studentclubs,andfaculty.

title:	Elizabethtown College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.etown.edu%2Fdepts%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Fairleigh Dickinson University - Madison 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Falpha.fdu.edu%2Fmadsocsci%2Fpolisci.html
desc:	ContainsFAQs,pre-lawstudies,relatedlinks,diplomacy,minorsandconcentrations,aswellasinternshipandstudyabroadopportunities.

title:	Franklin & Marshall College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fandm.edu%2Fgovernment
desc:	Describescoursesavailable,afacultylistingandphotograph,relatedlinks,theprogramsoffered,andadmissions.

title:	Gettysburg College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gettysburg.edu%2Facademics%2Fpolitical_science%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Juanita College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdepartments.juniata.edu%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Containsrelatedlinks,facultyinformation,anoverviewofthecurriculum,contacts,scholarships,andhonorsocieties.

title:	Kutztown University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kutztown.edu%2Facademics%2Fcolleges-and-departments%2Fliberal-arts-and-sciences%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical-science-and-public-administration.htm
desc:	Includesalistingofcourses,anoverview,alumni,studentclubsandactivities,newsitems,andavirtualnewsroom.

title:	Lafayette College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolicystudies.lafayette.edu%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,andintroductiontothefaculty,abulletinboard,coursesthatareoffered,andanewsletter.

title:	Pennsylvania State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.la.psu.edu%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources.

title:	Slippery Rock University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sru.edu%2Facademics%2Fcolleges-and-departments%2Fcla%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	St. Joseph's University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.sju.edu%2Fmajors-programs%2Fundergraduate%2Fmajors%2Fpolitical-science-major
desc:	Containsinternshipdetails,researchinformation,faculty,departmentalaffairs,andcourses.

title:	Susquehanna University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.susqu.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Includesalistingoffaculty,researchtopics,majors,internships,theoff-campusstudyprogram,andcertificationdetails.

title:	Temple University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cla.temple.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Containsupcomingevents,thewritingcenter,facultylisting,researchlinks,andacourseschedule.

title:	University of Pennsylvania 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FPennsylvania&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sas.upenn.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Containscareerinformation,contacts,newsitems,graduateandundergraduateresources,acourselisting.

title:	University of Missouri-Columbia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.missouri.edu%2F
desc:	Program,profile,peopleandresources.

title:	University of Missouri-St. Louis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umsl.edu%2Fdivisions%2Fartscience%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Program,profileandcontacts.

title:	Washington University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMissouri&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.wustl.edu%2F
desc:	Newsandprograms.

title:	University of Great Falls 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ugf.edu%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources.

title:	University of Montana - Department of Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMontana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umt.edu%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduatedegrees.Courseandprogramdescriptions,organizations,andfacultyinformation.

title:	Mississippi State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pspa.msstate.edu%2F
desc:	Faculty,courses,scheduleandstudents.

title:	University of Mississippi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMississippi&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.olemiss.edu%2F
desc:	Profile,people,studentsandcourses.

title:	Augsburg College: Political Science Department 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.augsburg.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Providesinformationonthedepartment,admissions,courses,thefacultyanddegreerequirements.

title:	College of Saint Benedict 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csbsju.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Curriculum,eventsandfaculty.

title:	Gustavus Adolphus College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgustavus.edu%2Fpoli-sci%2F
desc:	UndergraduateprogramprovidesopportunitiesforstudyexperienceabroadparticularlyinEnglandandScotland,Mexico,India,andJapan.

title:	Minnesota State University-Mankato 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsbs.mnsu.edu%2Fgovernment%2Fpscience%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculty,graduateandundergraduateprograms.

title:	St. Olaf College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwp.stolaf.edu%2Fpoli-sci%2F
desc:	Studentinformation,coursesandfaculty.

title:	University of Minnesota 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polisci.umn.edu%2F
desc:	New,eventsandcourses.

title:	Winona State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMinnesota&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.winona.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	News,researchandschedule.

title:	New Mexico State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=https%3A%2F%2Fdeptofgov.nmsu.edu%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	University of New Mexico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNew_Mexico&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unm.edu%2F%7Epolsci%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	Boston University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bu.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Includesafacultypreview,courselisting,andoptionsformajors.

title:	Brandeis University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.brandeis.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Includesalistingcourseswithdescriptions,adepartmentaloverview,linkstoprofessorwebsites,andalistofstudentresources.

title:	Clark University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww2.clarku.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	College of the Holy Cross 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.holycross.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	Harvard University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gov.harvard.edu%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources.

title:	John F. Kennedy School of Government 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ksg.harvard.edu%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.mit.edu%2Fpolisci%2Findex.html
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	Northeastern University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northeastern.edu%2Fcssh%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	Salem State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.salemstate.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Smith College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.smith.edu%2Fgov
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Suffolk University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.suffolk.edu%2Fcollege%2Fdepartments%2F13912.php
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	Tufts University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fase.tufts.edu%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation.

title:	University of Massachusetts-Amherst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolsci.umass.edu%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	University of Massachusetts-Lowell 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.uml.edu%2FFAHSS%2FPolitical-Science%2Fdefault.aspx
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	Wellesley College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnew.wellesley.edu%2Fpoliticalscience
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Williams College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolitical-science.williams.edu%2F
desc:	Generaldepartmentalinformation,courses,faculty,majoroverview,andstudentresources.

title:	Worcester Polytechnic Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMassachusetts&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wpi.edu%2Facademics%2Fssps%2F
desc:	Includesdegreerequirementsandadvice,coursecatalogue,faculty,announcements,scholarships,internships,classschedules,andlinks.

title:	Frostburg State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.frostburg.edu%2Fdept%2Fposc%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	Goucher College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.goucher.edu%2Facademics%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	Johns Hopkins University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkrieger.jhu.edu%2Ffields%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation.

title:	Loyola University in Maryland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.loyola.edu%2Facademics%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Towson University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.towson.edu%2Fpolsci
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	United States Naval Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usna.edu%2FPoliSci%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources.

title:	University of Maryland - College  Park 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bsos.umd.edu%2Fgvpt%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	University of Maryland-Baltimore County 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaryland&url=http%3A%2F%2Fundergraduate.umbc.edu%2Fpolitical-science.php
desc:	BAandBA-MPSprograms.

title:	Fresno State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffresnostate.edu%2Fsocialsciences%2Fpolysci%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateandgraduatedegrees.Courseandprogramdescriptions,organizations,andfacultyinformation.

title:	University of Nevada - Las Vegas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.unlv.edu%2Fpoliticalscience
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources.

title:	University of Nevada - Reno 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FNevada&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unr.edu%2Fcla%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Alma College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alma.edu%2Facademics%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Providesactivitiessuchasworldwideinternships,civilsocietyprojects,andmodelUnitedNations.

title:	Aquinas College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.aquinas.edu%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	ActivitiesincludemodelUnitedNationsandArabLeague,andPsiUpsilonPoliticalScienceHonorSociety.

title:	Calvin College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calvin.edu%2Facademic%2Fpols%2F
desc:	Offersmajor,minor,internationalrelations,publicadministration,teachingandhonorsprograms.

title:	Central Michigan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmich.edu%2Fcolleges%2Fchsbs%2FPoliticalScience%2F
desc:	OffersB.A,B.Sc.M.AinPoliticalScience,MasterofPublicAdministrationprograms.Opportunitiesforinternshipsexist.

title:	Eastern Michigan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emich.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateprogramsinpoliticalscience,politicalscienceeducation,publicadministration,publiclawandgovernment,andpublicsafetyadministration,aswellasgraduateprogramsincludingcertificateandMastersofPublicAdministration.

title:	Grand Valley State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gvsu.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Facultyandstaffprofiles,coursedescriptions,degreerequirements,andsamplecurriculum.

title:	Hope College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhope.edu%2Facademic%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduateprogram,andactivitiessuchasmodelUnitedNations.

title:	Michigan State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.msu.edu%2F
desc:	Offersundergraduate,MastersinPublicAdministration,andDoctoratedegrees.ActivitiesincludeLefrakforum,PoliticalInstitutionsandPublicChoice,PrograminPublicOpinionandPoliticalParticipation,andUrbanPoliticsandPolicyProgram.

title:	Wayne State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclas.wayne.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	DegreesofferedincludeBachelorofArtsandPublicAffairs,MastersofArts,PublicAdministration,JurisDoctor,andDoctorate.

title:	Western Michigan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMichigan&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wmich.edu%2Fpolitics
desc:	OffersseveralBachelorofArtsandMastersprograms,andDoctoratedegree.Sponsorsactivitiessuchasstudyabroad,fieldresearch,internationalinternships,modelArabLeague,colloquiaandpresentations.

title:	Bates College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bates.edu%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Colby College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colby.edu%2Fgovt%2F
desc:	Includesdegreerequirementsandadvice,coursecatalogue,faculty,announcements,scholarships,internships,classschedules,andlinks.

title:	University of Maine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=https%3A%2F%2Fumaine.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	University of Southern Maine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FMaine&url=https%3A%2F%2Fusm.maine.edu%2Fpos
desc:	Providesdepartmentfacts,coursecatalogue,andfacultyandalumniinformation

title:	Louisiana State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lsu.edu%2Fpoliticalscience
desc:	Includesnews,programs,facultyandstaff,courses,researchandresources.

title:	Loyola University - New Orleans 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcas.loyno.edu%2Fpolisci
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Tulane University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FLouisiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftulane.edu%2Fliberal-arts%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Informationaboutthedegreeprogram,upcomingevents,activitiesandclasses

title:	Kansas State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.k-state.edu%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	Washburn University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washburn.edu%2Facademics%2Fcollege-schools%2Farts-sciences%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical-science-public-administration%2Findex.html
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Berea College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.berea.edu%2FPSC%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Centre College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.centre.edu%2Facademics%2Fmajors-minors%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Courseofferings,faculty,andphilosophy.

title:	Eastern Kentucky University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.government.eku.edu%2F
desc:	Containsrelatedlinks,facultyinformation,anoverviewofthecurriculum,contacts,scholarships,andhonorsocieties

title:	Murray State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.murraystate.edu%2Facademics%2FCollegesDepartments%2FCollegeOfHumanitiesAndFineArts%2FpoliticalScienceandSociology%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	University of Kentucky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.as.uky.edu%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources

title:	University of Louisville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.louisville.edu%2Fa-s%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Western Kentucky University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FKentucky&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wku.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	Ball State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bsu.edu%2Fpoli-sci%2F
desc:	Informationoncalendar,admissions,programs,andfinancialaid.

title:	Butler University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.butler.edu%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Includescoursedetails,linksandinformationoninternships.

title:	DePauw University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.depauw.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-programs%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Includesdegreeprograminformation,facultyprofiles,newsandeventdetails.

title:	Earlham College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earlham.edu%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Includesphotosanddepartmentinformation.

title:	Indiana State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fweb.indstate.edu%2Fpolisci
desc:	Includesprograminformation,facultyprofiles,scheduleforclassesandalumnidetails.

title:	Indiana University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.indiana.edu%2F
desc:	Informationonprograms,newsandevents.

title:	Indiana University-Fort Wayne 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipfw.edu%2Fpols%2F
desc:	Includesdepartmentinformation,facultyprofilesandcoursedescriptions.

title:	Indiana University-Purdue 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fliberalarts.iupui.edu%2Fpolitical_science%2F
desc:	Providesacourselisting,faculty,careerinformation,andlegalstudies.

title:	Purdue University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cla.purdue.edu%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Includesscheduleanddepartmentinformation.

title:	University of Notre Dame 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIndiana&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nd.edu%2F%7Egovernme%2F
desc:	Informationongraduateprogramsandfacultybiographies.

title:	Boise State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsps.boisestate.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,facultyprofiles,relatedlinks,requirements,andadmissionsinformation.

title:	The College of Idaho 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collegeofidaho.edu%2Facademics%2Fdepartments-and-programs%2Fpolitical-economy%2Fmajor
desc:	Politicaleconomicsdepartment.

title:	Idaho State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIdaho&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.isu.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	University of Iowa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIowa&url=http%3A%2F%2Fclas.uiowa.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Augusta University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.augusta.edu%2Fpamplin%2Fpols%2F
desc:	InformationabouttheDepartmentofPoliticalScience,InternationalStudies,Philosophy,andPublicAdministration,includingdepartmentalpolicy,faculty,degreeandcertificateprograms,internships,researchprograms,andrelatedclubsandlinks.

title:	Emory University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.emory.edu%2FPOLS%2F
desc:	Containsafacultypreview,courselisting,andoptionsformajors

title:	Georgia Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inta.gatech.edu%2F
desc:	Containsrelatedlinks,facultyinformation,anoverviewofthecurriculum,contacts,scholarships,andhonorsocieties.

title:	Georgia Institute of Technology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spp.gatech.edu%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	Georgia State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gsu.edu%2F%7Ewwwpol%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources

title:	Kennesaw State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kennesaw.edu%2Fpols%2F
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Mercer University - Department of Political Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mercer.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	InformationontheMercerUniversityPoliticalScienceDepartment,courses,curriculum,facultyandstudents.

title:	University of North Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fung.edu%2Fpolitical-science-international-affairs%2F
desc:	ProvidesinformationrelatingtotheDepartmentofPoliticalScienceandCriminalJusticeincludingprogramdetailsandinternshipresources.

title:	University of West Georgia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westga.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	Valdosta State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FGeorgia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.valdosta.edu%2Fpols%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	Florida Atlantic University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fau.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Offersdegreeinformation,facultyprofiles,andnews.Alsofeaturesdescriptionsofcoursesandstudyaids.

title:	Florida State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcoss.fsu.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Featuresinformationonstaffinterests,research,andcourses.Providesnews,andrelatedlinks.

title:	University of Central Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.cos.ucf.edu%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewoftheprogram,researchlinks,alistingoffaculty,coursedescriptions,anddepartmentnews.

title:	University of North Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FFlorida&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.unf.edu%2Fcoas%2Fpspa%2F
desc:	Generaldepartmentalinformation,courses,faculty,majoroverview,andstudentresources.

title:	Bradley University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bradley.edu%2Facademic%2Fdepartments%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	De Paul University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.depaul.edu%2Funiversity-catalog%2Fcolleges-and-schools%2Fclass%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical-science%2Fpages%2Fabout-the-department-of-political-science.aspx
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	Illinois State University - Department of Politics and Government 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpol.illinoisstate.edu%2F
desc:	Courselist,alumniandcareerresources,programsofstudy,facultydirectory,andstudentorganizationinformation.

title:	Lake Forest College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.lakeforest.edu%2Facademics%2Fprograms%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	Loyola University - Chicago 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.luc.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Millikin University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.millikin.edu%2Fhistory-political-science
desc:	Containsrequirements,areasofstudy,faculty,graduateplacementresourcesandstudentprograms.

title:	North Park University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.northpark.edu%2FAcademics%2FUndergraduate-Studies%2FMajors%2FPolitics-and-Government
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Northern Illinois University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fniu.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Containsgraduateandundergraduateinformation,classschedules,facultydetails,newsitemsandteachingandalumniresources

title:	Southern Illinois University-Carbondale 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcola.siu.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	University of Illinois - Chicago 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpols.uic.edu%2F
desc:	Containsafacultypreview,courselisting,andoptionsformajors

title:	University of Illinois - Urbana-Champaign 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FIllinois&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pol.illinois.edu%2F
desc:	Containsanoverviewofthedepartment,facultyprofiles,relatedlinks,requirements,andadmissionsinformation.

title:	Southern Connecticut State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.southernct.edu%2Facademics%2Fschools%2Farts%2Fdepartments%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Undergradandgraduateprograms,facultyandstafflistings,calendarandadmissionsinformation.

title:	Trinity College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.trincoll.edu%2FAcademics%2FMajorsAndMinors%2FPolitical%2FPages%2Fdefault.aspx
desc:	Coursedescriptions,majorrequirement,careers,opportunities,facultyandstaffinformation.

title:	University of Connecticut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polisci.uconn.edu%2F
desc:	Informationonundergraduatemajor,graduateprogram,courses,pre-lawadvising,newsandalumni.

title:	University of Connecticut at Stamford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstamford.uconn.edu%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Courses,facultyandprogramoverview.

title:	University of Hartford 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hartford.edu%2Fa_and_s%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Generaloverviewofthemajorandfacultydirectory.

title:	Wesleyan University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wesleyan.edu%2Fgov%2F
desc:	Syllabi,eventscalendar,major,faculty,honorsprogramandpoliticalsciencelinks.

title:	Yale University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FConnecticut&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.yale.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Overviewofgraduateprogramandundergraduatemajor,facultyandstaff.

title:	University of Delaware 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FDelaware&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.udel.edu%2Fposcir%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	Adams State College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.adams.edu%2Facademics%2Fhgp%2F
desc:	Offersinformationaboutthemajorandminorprograms,courses,faculty,internships,lectures,andanonlinenewsletter.

title:	Colorado College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.coloradocollege.edu%2Facademics%2Fdept%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Containsabriefoverviewofthedepartment,alistingofcoursesanddescriptions.

title:	Colorado Mesa University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.coloradomesa.edu%2Fsocial-behavioral-sciences%2Fdegrees%2Fpolitical-science.html
desc:	Describestherequirements,coursesthatareoffered,scholarshipopportunities,historyofthedepartment,andalumni.

title:	Colorado State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.colostate.edu%2F
desc:	Providescourseinformation,informationformajors,facultylisting.

title:	Denver University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.du.edu%2Fahss%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Describesstudentclubs,programsoffered,announcements,relatedlinks,andafacultylisting.

title:	University of Colorado - Boulder 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FColorado&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.colorado.edu%2Fadvising%2Fprograms-requirements%2Fpolitical-science
desc:	Includesalistingofcoursesavailable,studentorganizations,financialaid,scholarships,programs,andfaculty.

title:	Azusa Pacific University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apu.edu%2Fclas%2Fhistorypolisci%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Facultyandcourserequirements.

title:	California Polytechnic State University - San Luis Obispo 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.calpoly.edu%2F
desc:	Includesgraduateandundergraduateprograms,analumninewsletter,andlinkstogovernmentandpoliticssites.

title:	California State Polytechnic University - Pomona 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpp.edu%2F%7Eclass%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Includesundergraduateprograms,facultyandstafflists,andcareerinformation.

title:	California State University - Bakersfield 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csub.edu%2FPoliSci%2F
desc:	Includesinformationontheundergraduateprogramandfaculty.

title:	California State University - Chico 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csuchico.edu%2Fpols%2F
desc:	Includesinformationongraduateandundergraduateprograms,courseschedule,andfaculty.

title:	California State University - Fresno 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffresnostate.edu%2Fsocialsciences%2Fpolysci%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonthegraduateandundergraduateprograms,courseschedule,andfacultyandstaff.

title:	California State University - Los Angeles 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.calstatela.edu%2Fdept%2Fpol_sci%2F
desc:	Includesinformationongraduateandundergraduateprograms,faculty,students,research,courseschedules,andrecentgraduates.

title:	California State University - San Bernardino 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolisci.csusb.edu%2F
desc:	Includeslinkstofacultyandcourseschedules.

title:	California State University - San Marcos 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.csusm.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Informationonundergraduateprograms,faculty,andclubs.

title:	California State University - Santa Cruz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolitics.ucsc.edu%2F
desc:	Informationonacademicprograms.

title:	Humboldt State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww3.humboldt.edu%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonprograms,courseschedules,andfaculty.

title:	Loyola Marymount University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbellarmine.lmu.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Includesinformationoncourses,programs,andfaculty.

title:	San Diego State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.sdsu.edu%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonacademicprograms,faculty,classes,andanalumninewsletter.

title:	San Francisco State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpoliticalscience.sfsu.edu%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonfaculty,courses,programs,andschedules.

title:	San Jose State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sjsu.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Informationonthedepartment,degreeprograms,andcourseschedules.

title:	University of California - Berkeley 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.polisci.berkeley.edu%2F
desc:	Informationonfaculty,courses,andacademicprograms.

title:	University of California - Davis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fps.ucdavis.edu%2F
desc:	Informationoncourses,programs,faculty,andalumni.

title:	University of California - Riverside 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.politicalscience.ucr.edu%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonfaculty,staff,students,academicprograms,courses,andcolloquia.

title:	University of San Diego 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sandiego.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonfaculty,courses,andprograms.

title:	University of Southern California 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FCalifornia&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcollege.usc.edu%2Fpoliticalscience%2F
desc:	Includesinformationonfaculty,staff,andacademicprograms.

title:	Best History Websites 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.besthistorysites.net%2F
desc:	Aportalcreatedforstudents,historyeducators,andgeneralhistoryenthusiasts.Sitesareratedforusefulnessandaccuracy,thatwillhelpstudiesorteachersinawidevarietyoftopicsandperiodsinhistory.

title:	Abby's Resource Page for Social Studies Teachers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.windstream.net%2Fabbysresources%2F
desc:	Hundredsoflinkstohistory,socialstudies,andeducationsitesontheWeb.Linksareindexedforeasysearching.AlsohomeoftheHistoryTeachers'EducationRing.

title:	Adventure Learning Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.questconnect.org%2F
desc:	Createscurriculawhichfollowonlineadventurelearningexpeditionsastheytravelaroundtheworld.IncludesresourcesforuseintheK-12classroom.

title:	American Heritage Education Foundation, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanheritage.org%2F
desc:	ProvidesfreeK-12curriculumlessonsbyandforteachersinsocialstudies,U.S.history/government,politicalscience,philosophy,andeconomics.ThecurriculumeducatesstudentsaboutAmerica'sfactual,philosophicalheritage.

title:	American History from 1899 High School Textbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.history4u.com%2F
desc:	AmericanHistoryfrom1899perspective.Materialfrombookhasbeenbrokendowninto5categoriesandanyarticleisnomorethan2clicksaway.

title:	Colonial America - For Freedom and Profit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsunclaw.tripod.com%2Findex.html
desc:	UnitedStatesHistoryprojectdesignedforgrades6-12.Itisaninteractive,internet-based,cooperativegroupactivityinwhichstudentsbuildacolonyfromthegroundup.

title:	Digital History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.digitalhistory.uh.edu%2F
desc:	Enhanceshistoryteachingandresearchthroughprimarysources,anonlinetextbook,extensivereferenceresources,andinteractivematerials.

title:	Dramatic History or Historical Drama? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rapidintellect.com%2FAEQweb%2Fmo133sep.htm
desc:	Articlewhicharguesthathistorianswithdramaticskillsshouldfindwaystowriteplaysabouthistoricalsubjectsratherthanleavingsuchtaskstodramatistswhomainlyusehistoricalfigurestoattractattentiontotheirplays.

title:	Global Nomads Group 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gng.org%2F
desc:	GNGisanon-profitorganizationdedicatedtopromotinginternationaldialoguebypartneringeducatorsaroundtheworld.Includesateachersurveyandprojectoverview.

title:	History and Social Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.academic-genealogy.com%2Fhistorysocialstudies.htm
desc:	Smalldirectoryofeducationalsitesforthestudent,genealogistandfamilyhistorian.

title:	History Matters 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhistorymatters.gmu.edu%2F
desc:	DesignedforhighschoolandcollegeteachersofU.S.Historycourses.ThissiteservesasagatewaytoWebresourcesandoffersusefulmaterialsforteachingU.S.history.

title:	History Picture of the Day 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fold-photos.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Thissitefeaturesanewhistoricalphotographeachday,withabriefdescription

title:	Our Documents 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fourdocuments.gov%2F
desc:	Featuring100milestonedocumentsofAmericanhistoryfromtheNationalArchives.Includesimagesoforiginalprimarysourcedocuments,lessonplans,teacherandstudentcompetitions,andeducationalresources.

title:	Schools History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schoolshistory.org.uk%2F
desc:	HistoryofBritainandEurope1066-2000;featuresactivities,homeworkhelp,andbackgroundonmajorevents.

title:	Social Studies Education: National Council for the Social Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.socialstudies.org%2F
desc:	Aninformationresourceforsocialstudiesteachers.

title:	Teaching History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FHistory%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fteachinghistory.org%2F
desc:	TeachingguideforUShistory.

title:	University of Alaska - Fairbanks 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FAlaska&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uaf.edu%2Fpolisci%2F
desc:	Financialaid,programsandcourses.

title:	Arizona State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpgs.clas.asu.edu%2F
desc:	News,eventsandresearch.

title:	Northern Arizona University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnau.edu%2Fsbs%2Fpolitics%2F
desc:	CollegeofSocialandBehavioralSciences.

title:	University of Arizona 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArizona&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsgpp.arizona.edu%2F
desc:	SchoolofGovernmentandPublicPolicy.News,peopleandprogram.

title:	Arkansas State University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astate.edu%2Fchss%2Fpolsci%2F
desc:	Guidetothedegreeprogramsavailable,coursedescriptions,andintroductiontothefacultyandstaffinthisprogram.

title:	Southern Arkansas University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=https%3A%2F%2Fweb.saumag.edu%2Fdirectory%2Fdepartments%2Fcollege-of-liberal-performing-arts%2Fhistory-political-science-geography%2F
desc:	History,PoliticalScience,andGeography.

title:	University of Arkansas - Fayetteville 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FPolitical_Science%2FAcademic_Departments%2FNorth_America%2FUnited_States%2FArkansas&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffulbright.uark.edu%2Fdepartments%2Fpolitical-science%2F
desc:	Profilesthecoursesandprogramsofferedforpursuitofpre-lawdegreesorstudiesingovernmentandpublicadministration.

title:	Accrediting Bureau of Health Education (ABHES) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abhes.org%2F
desc:	RecognizedbytheUSDepartmentofEducationasanaccreditingagencyofpost-secondaryinstitutionsandprogramsprimarilyinthealliedhealthfield.Schoollistings,linkstoresources,andreports.

title:	American Institute of Health Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.auhs.edu%2F
desc:	AschoolinLongBeachthatofferscoursesinPharmacyTechnician,ResearchMedicalAssistant,andclinicalresearch.

title:	American Seminar Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americanseminar.com%2F
desc:	Continuingmedicalanddentaleducationcoursesavailableworldwidethroughouttheyear.

title:	Carolinas College of Health Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.carolinashealthcare.org%2Fcarolinas-college-of-health-sciences
desc:	Programsinmedicaltechnology,nursing,radiologictechnology,surgicaltechnology,phlebotomy,andindividual,generaleducationclasses.Informationaboutschedulesandapplicationinformationareoffered.

title:	Center for Phlebotomy Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phlebotomy.com%2F
desc:	Aneducationalresourceforthosewhoperform,teachandsupervisephlebotomy.Offeringconferences,workshops,postersandliteratureandexpertwitnessservices.

title:	CNI College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnicollege.edu%2F
desc:	Providestrainingandplacementtostudentswhowishtopursueoccupationsinthehealthcareindustry.

title:	Education Resources, Inc 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.educationresourcesinc.com%2F
desc:	Sourceforeducationalseminarsforphysicaltherapists,occupationaltherapists,speechlanguagepathologists.(Medfield,MA)

title:	Great Lakes Institute Career Training and Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glit.org%2F
desc:	Offeringcareertrainingindental,medicalandveterinaryassisting,surgicaltechnology,massagetherapyandcosmetologyprofessions.(Erie,Pennsylvania)

title:	Gurnick Academy of Medical Arts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gurnick.edu%2F
desc:	Offersultrasoundtechnician,medicalassistant,andphlebotomistprograms.Includesacademicrequirements,programinformation,andfees.SanMateo,California.

title:	Hospice, Palliative, and Home Care Speakers Bureau 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nhphc.org%2F
desc:	Professional,seasoned,andsuccessfulspeakersallofwhomhavebeenpublished.Speakerprovidesaclearcontract,includinghandoutsrequiredforCEU'sandCME's.

title:	Institute for Caregiver Education, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.caregivereducation.org%2F
desc:	TheInstituteprovidescontinuingeducationandprofessionaldevelopmentforhealthcaremanagers,avarietyofbasiceducation,ESL,andjobskillstrainingforlongtermcareemployees.(PA)

title:	Life Support Services, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lifesupportservicesinc.com%2F
desc:	Offersavarietyofeducationalandconsultingservicesforhealthcareprofessionalsandinstitutions.

title:	Long Term Care Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.longtermcareeducation.com%2F
desc:	Learnaboutcontinuingeducationunits,collegecourses,keybooksandpublications,andstatebystaterequirementsfornursinghomeandassistedlivingadministration.

title:	Med-Ed Seminars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mededseminars.net%2F
desc:	Offerscontinuingeducationseminarson-siteandthroughouttheUnitedStatesfornurses,nursepractitioners,physicianassistants,nurseanesthetists,andrespiratorytherapists.Includeslistsbytitleandlocation,bookstore,andfacultyqualifications.

title:	Medical Education Cooperation with Cuba 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.medicc.org%2F
desc:	OfferselectiveexperiencesinCubaforstudentsinthehealthsciencesworkingtowardsacademicdegreesintheUnitedStatesandCanada.

title:	The Michener Institute for Applied Health Sciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmichener.ca%2F
desc:	Postsecondaryeducationalinstitutionwhichofferscoursesandprogramsinhealthcaredisciplinesatentryandgraduatelevels.Providesfullandpart-time,continuinganddistanceeducation.(Toronto,Ontario,Canada)

title:	North-West College of Dental and Medical Assistants 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nw.edu%2F
desc:	Accreditedschoolformedicalanddentalassistant,pharmacytechnician,medicalreceptionist,optometrictechnician,nursingassistantandotherrelatedfields.FourlocationsinCalifornia.

title:	Physical and Occupational Therapy Seminars 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.glseminars.com%2F
desc:	SeminarsgivenbyPatrickHoban,PT,ATC.

title:	ProSport 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.prosport.com%2F
desc:	Continuingeducationforsportschiropractors,physicaltherapists,anddoctorsthroughclassesandseminars.

title:	Rocky Mountain University of Health Professions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rmuohp.edu%2F
desc:	ProvidingMaster'sandDoctoraleducationtoAlliedHealthProfessionalsusingadistancelearningmodel.(Provo,Utah)

title:	Seasons Geriatric Care Management 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.seasons-seminars.com%2F
desc:	Continuingeducationproviderfornursinghomeadministratorsandotherhealthcareprofessionals.Includeslistofseminars.

title:	symposiamedicus.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.symposiamedicus.org%2F
desc:	Continuingmedicaleducationforphysicians,nursesandotherhealthcareprofessionals.

title:	Twin Cities Health Professionals Education Consortium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tchpeducation.com%2F
desc:	OfferscontinuingeducationcoursesfornursesandalliedhealthprofessionalsonlineandatSaintPaul,Minnesota.Includeslistofcourses,calendar,andregistrationinformation.

title:	University Learning Systems, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.universitylearning.com%2F
desc:	Offeringseminarsaboutevidencebaseddruginformationtohealthcareprofessionals,withdetailsoflocationsandcourses.

title:	University of South Florida Professional Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=health&cat=Health%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cme.hsc.usf.edu%2F
desc:	TheUniversityofSouthFlorida'sCPEdepartmentofferslivecontinuingeducationcoursesforhealthCareprofessionals.

title:	ASBOG Study Manuals and Courses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fregreview.com%2F
desc:	ProviderofnationwidecoursesfortheNational(ASBOG)GeologyLicensingExamaswellasstudymanualsandflashcardsspecificallygearedtowardsthisexam.

title:	Geology Labs On-Line 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sciencecourseware.org%2F
desc:	VirtualEarthquake,VirtualDating,VirtualCoast.Interactivecomputerprogramsdesignedtodemonstrategeologicconcepts.IntendedtoenhancethelearningandteachingofGeologyandotherEarthSciencecoursesattheCollegeandHighSchoolAPlevel.

title:	Geostudies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeostudies.co.uk%2F
desc:	OffersonlineandclassroomcoursesandfieldtripsintheUKcoveringallaspectsofgeologyincludingoldersediments,igneousandmetamorphicrocksandgeologicalstructures.

title:	US Geological Survey 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FGeology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Feducation.usgs.gov%2F
desc:	Geology-relatededucationresources

title:	Anxieties: Fear of Flying 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anxieties.com%2Fflying.php
desc:	Self-helpstep-by-stepguideofferedbyDrReidWilson.

title:	British Airways: Flying with Confidence 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fflyingwithconfidence.com%2F
desc:	FearofflyingcoursesruninconjunctionwithBritishAirwaysatvariousUKairports.

title:	Delete Fear of Flying 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdeletefearofflying.com%2F
desc:	Dr.LuannLinquist,basedinLaJolla,CA,givesfearfulflierstreatmentbytelephone.

title:	Fear of Flying Clinic 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffearofflyingclinic.org%2F
desc:	Classesconductedovertwofullweekends,supplementedwithCDs,lectures,demonstrationsandreadingmaterials.Informationonthecommercialaviationsystempresentedbypilots,airtrafficcontrollers,airlinemaintenanceprofessionalsandflightattendants.

title:	Fear of Flying Cure 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffearofflyingcure.com%2F
desc:	AcompanyinLA,Californiaprovidingvirtualrealitytherapyduringwhichpatientsreceivevisualandaudiosensorycuesconsistentwithbeinginanactualairplane.

title:	Flying Phobia Help 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fflyingphobiahelp.org%2F
desc:	AworkshopheldintheHouston,Texasarea,withstepsincludinglearningaboutaviation,cognitivebehavioraltherapyandexposuretoflight.

title:	FOFC 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffofc.com%2F
desc:	CaliforniancompanyofferingclassesinBayarea,leadbyaflightinstructor,commuterpilotandNASAaviationsafetyanalyst.

title:	50states.com - Blank State Outline Maps 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2F50states.com%2Fmaps%2F
desc:	PrintableblankoutlinemapofeachUSState.Capitalandmajorcitiesmarked.

title:	Barcelona Field Studies Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeographyfieldwork.com%2F
desc:	OffershumanandphysicalgeographystudyprogramsinSpaintoGCSE,AandIBlevels.FieldworksitesincludeBarcelonaandtheCatalanNaturalParks.

title:	Geography Home Page 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgeography.about.com%2F
desc:	Includesarticles,annotatedlinks,dailygeographicquizzes,bulletinboard,andchatroom.

title:	Geography: My Place and Yours 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gmpay.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Blogsaboutinterestingtopicsingeography.

title:	How Far Is It? 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.indo.com%2Fdistance%2F
desc:	Picktwolocationsandfindouthowfaraparttheyareandseethemonamap.

title:	Glen H. Arnold, Ph.D. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.earthlink.net%2F%7Ethairapy
desc:	Licensedaviationpsychologist,offerstherapysessionsaswellasclinicsinvariouslocations.

title:	Go Getter Jet Setter 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgogetterjetsetter.com%2F
desc:	Aprogramaimedatvarioustypesofflyingphobia.

title:	My Sky Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmyskyprogram.com%2F
desc:	Aweekendseminarincludingcoursematerials,meals,ahangartourandaround-tripgraduationflightonacommercialairlineflight.
Theprograminvolvespilots,psychologistsandotherrelatedprofessionals.

title:	SOAR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fearofflying.com%2F
desc:	Videocourseaimedatmoreextremecasesofthephobia.

title:	TakeOff Today Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=recreation&cat=Recreation%2FTravel%2FPreparation%2FHealth%2FFear_of_Flying%2FCourses_and_Seminars&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffearofflyingphobia.com%2F
desc:	PrintandCDversionsofatwoweeklongprogramaswellasfreearticlesonairplane-relatedfacts.

title:	National Geographic Geography Action! 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nationalgeographic.com%2Fgeographyaction
desc:	Conservetheworld'snaturalresourceswithlessonplans,activities,games,events,photos,andmoredesignedforeveryoneincludingkids.

title:	Outline Maps 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eduplace.com%2Fss%2Fmaps%2F
desc:	Collectionofblankoutlinemapstoprintanduse.

title:	State Web Games 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sheppardsoftware.com%2Fweb_games.htm
desc:	Thiscollectionof17webgamesthatincludeover500importantfacts.

title:	World Geography Quiz 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ilike2learn.com%2Filike2learn%2Fgeography.asp
desc:	ImproveyourGeographySkillswithafuninteractiveQuiz.EachGeographyquizcoversthecountriesofacontinentorgeographicareaoftheworld.

title:	World History and Geography 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FGeography%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studentsfriend.com%2F
desc:	Aresourceforhighschoolteachersofworldhistoryandgeography.

title:	Ad School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.adschool.edu%2F
desc:	Programsingraphicdesignandartdirectionofferedinlocationsworldwide.

title:	The Art Institute Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aionline.edu%2F
desc:	Certificate,AssociatesDegreeandBachelorofScienceprogramsingraphicdesignanddigitaldesign.

title:	Collins College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.collinscollege.edu%2F
desc:	Certificateprogramdesignedfortheindividualwhowantstraininginaprintoriented,computergraphicsenvironment.

title:	Creative Circus 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.creativecircus.edu%2F
desc:	Twoyearcertificate-grantingschool,offeringprogramsinadvertising,designandphotography.LocatedinAtlanta,Georgia.

title:	Find Graphic Design Schools 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.graphic-design-schools.com%2F
desc:	LinkstoschoolsandcollegesthroughouttheU.S.andCanadathatoffercoursesandprogramsingraphicdesign.

title:	Florence Design Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.florencedesignacademy.com%2Fa_graph_eng.html
desc:	Graphicdesignschool,interiordesign,industrialdesignand3Dgraphicanimation.

title:	Hong Kong Communication Art Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cac.edu.hk%2F
desc:	SchoolinHongKong,offeringavarietyofcourses,includinggraphicdesign.InEnglishandChinese.

title:	Institute for Creative Technologies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fict.usc.edu%2F
desc:	ProgramoftheUniversityofSouthernCalifornia.Informationoninternships,projectsandresearch.

title:	School of Advertising Art (SAA) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.saa.edu%2F
desc:	Trainingingraphicdesign,webdesign,illustrationandcomputeranimation.LocatedinDayton,Ohio.

title:	School of Visual Concepts 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.svcseattle.com%2F
desc:	Specializesinportfoliodevelopmentforgraphicdesign,advertisingartdirection,webdesign,andcomputergraphics.LocatedinSeattle,WashingtonU.S.

title:	Sessions.edu 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sessions.edu%2F
desc:	OnlineschoolofdesignandNewMediaprovidescourselisting,programs,studentgalleryandnews.

title:	teaching-design.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FGraphic_Design%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teaching-design.com%2F
desc:	Networkofthevarioussitesdonebyschoolsofgraphicdesign.Texts,calendaroftheeventsandofthepublicationsandabibliographyforstudentsandteachers.SiteinFrenchandEnglish.

title:	How Stuff Works: Electric Motor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2Fmotor.htm
desc:	Close-upphotographictouroftheinsideofanelectricmotor.

title:	Humusoft: Educational Models 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.humusoft.cz%2Fprodukty%2Fmodels%2F
desc:	Offerseducationalmodelsforteachingcontrolsystemsengineering.Modelsaredesignedtoallowstudentsapplytheirknowledgetocarryoutexperimentswithrealdynamicsystems.

title:	Java Applets for Engineering Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.engapplets.vt.edu%2F
desc:	intendedtoillustrateavarietyofengineeringconcepts.

title:	NASA Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nasa.gov%2Foffices%2Feducation%2Fabout%2F
desc:	Offersarangeofresourcesforstudentsandeducators.

title:	Professional Development Hours 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pdhonline.org%2F
desc:	Providescontinuingeducationunitsandlearningunitsforengineerandarchitectclasses.Materialcanbebrowsedforfree.

title:	Technology Student Association - TSA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tsaweb.org%2F
desc:	Non-profitnationalstudentorganizationdevotedtoteachingtechnologyeducationtoyoungpeople.Includesconferences,resourcesandpublications,andcompetitiveevents.

title:	Computer Education, Training, and Tutorial Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.intelligentedu.com%2F
desc:	Thisnon-profitwebsiteisagatewaytofreeandfee-basedcomputerandInformationTechnologytrainingandeducationresources.

title:	Computer Schools Guide 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.computer-schools.org%2F
desc:	Aweblogofferingadviceandguidanceforcomputersciencestudentsandindividualslookingforacareerintechnology.

title:	Indiana University Knowledge Base 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fkb.iu.edu%2F
desc:	Adatabaseofthousandsofarticlesoncomputertutorials.

title:	Earth Fact Sheet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnssdc.gsfc.nasa.gov%2Fplanetary%2Ffactsheet%2Fearthfact.html
desc:	BasicearthstatisticsfromtheNSSDC.

title:	Earth Science 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iteachbio.com%2FEarth_Science%2FEarth_Science%2Fearth.htm
desc:	Providesaweb-centeredlearningenvironmentforstudentsofScience.IncludesPowerpointpresentationsandvideos.

title:	EdGEO 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.edgeo.org%2F
desc:	EarthscienceworkshopsforCanadianteacherscoordinatedbytheCanadianGeoscienceEducationNetwork.

title:	ESEU: Earth Science Education Unit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.earthscienceeducation.com%2F
desc:	BasedatKeeleUniversity,providesfreein-servicetrainingtoteachersacrossEngland,ScotlandandWales,throughworkshopsforschools,teachermeetingsandteachereducationinstitutions.

title:	Exploration of the Earth's Magnetosphere 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-spof.gsfc.nasa.gov%2FEducation%2FIntro.html
desc:	Detailednon-mathematicalintroductiontotheresearchontheEarth'smagneticenvironmentinspaceanditshistory.Containsmasterdirectoryofmorethan70relatedtextfiles.

title:	JOIDES Resolution 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fjoidesresolution.org%2F
desc:	OceandrillingresearchvesselstudyingEarth'soceansandpaleoclimatethroughscientificdrilling.Includesinformationonthevessel,detailsofexploratorytrips,blogsandteacherresources.

title:	Museums Teaching Planet Earth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fearth.rice.edu%2Fmtpe%2F
desc:	EducationalearthscienceresourcesandsoftwareproducedbyRiceUniversityincollaborationwiththeHoustonMuseumofNaturalScience,fundedbyNASAundertheOfficeofEarthScience

title:	NASA Planetary Science Research Discoveries 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psrd.hawaii.edu%2Findex.html
desc:	Aneducationalon-linemagazinedescribingdiscoveriesinplanetaryandspacesciences.Writtenforteachers,students,andthegeneralpublic.

title:	Our Dynamic Earth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dynamicearth.co.uk%2F
desc:	Interactiveexhibitsaboutplanetearth.UtilisestheQuickTime,ShockwaveandAcrobatReaderplug-ins.

title:	Polar Discovery 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpolardiscovery.whoi.edu%2F
desc:	WoodsHoleOceanographicInstitution'sPolarDiscoveryprovidesstoriesofresearchintheArcticandtheAntarctic.

title:	Understanding our Planet Through Chemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fminerals.cr.usgs.gov%2Fgips%2F
desc:	U.S.GeologicalSurveysitelinkstoreportsshowinghowchemistsandgeologistsuseanalyticalchemistrytostudyearthsciencequestions.

title:	USGS Learning Web 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Feducation.usgs.gov%2F
desc:	EducationalresourcesfortheearthsciencesfromtheU.S.GeologicalSurvey.

title:	The USGS Water Science School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FEarth_Sciences%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwater.usgs.gov%2Fedu%2F
desc:	Informationonmanyaspectsofwater,alongwithpictures,data,maps,andaninteractivecenter.

title:	CAD Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCAD_and_CAM%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cad.strath.ac.uk%2F
desc:	ApostgraduateteachingandresearchunitatUniversityofStrathclyde,Glasgow,Scotland,focusingondesignmethodsandcomputersupportofthedesignprocessforengineeringapplications.

title:	K Street Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCAD_and_CAM%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kstreet.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesCD-ROM,online,andvideotrainingmaterialforMicrostation,AutoCADand3DStudio.

title:	Kishwaukee College: CAD Technology Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCAD_and_CAM%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kishwaukeecollege.edu%2Fcad%2F
desc:	EducationaltraininginarchitecturalandmechanicalCADwithAutoCAD,MicrostationandSolidworks.

title:	Streamingteacher.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCAD_and_CAM%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.streamingteacher.com%2F
desc:	Providessubscriptionbaseddeliveryoftrainingmaterialsintheformofstreamingaudio/video.CurrentlyprovidingonlinetrainingforMastercamandSolidWorks.

title:	Tech Ed Concepts, Inc. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCAD_and_CAM%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tecedu.com%2F
desc:	Supplies3dtechnologyforeducatorsandstudents,andofferseducationalprogramsforstudentsandinstructors,aswellasinstructionmaterial.

title:	Westech College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=computers&cat=Computers%2FCAD_and_CAM%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.westech.edu%2F
desc:	OffersStateofCaliforniafundedcoursesinAutoCAD,ArchitecturalandMechanicalDesktop,MicroStation,GIS,andInRoads.

title:	Alliance to Save Energy (ASE): Educators 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ase.org%2F
desc:	Promotesenergyefficiencyworldwideforeconomy,environmentandsecurity.OffersK-12lessonplans,energysavingtipsandresourcelinkstoothereducationalsupportiveinformation.

title:	Arizona Solar Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.azsolarcenter.org%2F
desc:	AcomprehensivesitethatexploresvarioussolartechnologiesandtheirusesinArizona.Educationalsectionforstudentsandteachersincludeslessonmodules,bookrecommendationsandvideos.

title:	Ben Wiens Energy Science Infosite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.benwiens.com%2F
desc:	Web-books,papers,articlesandlinksaboutenergyscienceandtechnology.Writtenforlaypeopleaswellasscientistsitcoverstheories,applications,conservation,physics,chemistryandbiology.

title:	The Centre for Sustainable Energy (CSE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cse.org.uk%2F
desc:	Comprehensiveandwelldesignededucationmaterialsfornurseryschoolthroughadulteducation.Organizedasateachingcurriculumforeducationinsustainabledevelopment.

title:	DOE - Fossil Energy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fe.doe.gov%2Feducation%2F
desc:	Coal,oilandnaturalgasenergyeducationmaterialforelementaryandjuniorhighstudents.Alsoofferfellowship,internandresearchgrantprograms.

title:	EIA:  Energy Education Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eia.doe.gov%2Fbookshelf%2Feer%2Fkiddietoc.html
desc:	EIAprovidesstudents,educators,andotherinformationusersalistofgenerallyavailablefreeorlow-costenergy-relatededucationalmaterials.

title:	Energy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-physics.mps.ohio-state.edu%2F%7Eaubrecht%2Fenergy.html
desc:	Factoidsfromthetextbook"Energy"byGordonAubrecht

title:	Energy 4 Me 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.energy4me.org%2F
desc:	Forstudents,teachersandthepublicdesignedtohelpstudentsandadultsbecomemoreeducatedenergyconsumers.SponsoredbytheSocietyofPetroleumEngineers,energy4meprogramisapublicoutreachprogramandwebresource.

title:	Energy Quest 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.energyquest.ca.gov%2F
desc:	CaliforniaEnergyCommission'senergyandenvironmentaleducationsiteforstudents,parentsandteachers.Includesinformation,questionsandanswers,projects,andotherresources.

title:	Energy Tutorial 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nfcrc.uci.edu%2FEnergyTutorial%2Findex.html
desc:	Tutorialonenergyproductionandtransformation,addressingtechnicalandecologicalaspects.

title:	EnergyTeachers.org 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.energyteachers.org%2F
desc:	Offershelptoteachersinterestedinteachingaboutenergyproductionanduse.Includesusefullinkssortedbytopicandteachergoalsalongwithrelevantnewslinks.

title:	Free Sun Power 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freesunpower.com%2F
desc:	Informationonhowsolarpowersystemsworkwithdescriptionsofalloftheindividualcomponentsthatmakeuptheintegratedsystem.

title:	Major Energy Generation Technologies in the U.S. National Energy Policy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-bcf.usc.edu%2F%7Emeshkati%2Ffea03.html
desc:	Educationalresourcethatcoversmajorenergygenerationtechnologies,addressingfossilfuel,fuelcell,nuclear,andrenewablesources.

title:	National Energy Foundation (NEF) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nef1.org%2F
desc:	Promotes,andprovidesresourcesfor,educationrelatedprimarilytoenergy,water,naturalresources,scienceandmath,technology,conservationandtheenvironment.

title:	National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL): Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nrel.gov%2Feducation%2F
desc:	EducationprogramsandresourcesrelatedtoscienceandenergyspanningK-12,undergraduate,graduate,postdoctoral,andteacherlevels.

title:	National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL): Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nrel.gov%2Flearning%2F
desc:	Providesinformationaboutrenewableenergy,energyefficiencypractices,deliveryandstoragetechnologies,applicationsandstudentresources.

title:	NEED - National Education Energy Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.need.org%2F
desc:	Promotesenergyawarenessthrougheducationandnetworksofstudents,educators,business,governmentandcommunityleaders.Energyeducationprogramsandresources.

title:	Origin Energy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.originenergy.com.au%2Feducation
desc:	Providesrenewableenergyresourcesforteachersandeducationalmaterialforstudentsonsolar,windandhydropower.

title:	Re-Energy.ca: A Renewable Energy Project Kit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.re-energy.ca%2F
desc:	Informationforteachersandstudentsonrenewableenergy:solarpower,windenergy,waterpowerandbiomassenergy.Areashavebackgroundinformation,lessonplans,projectplans,postersandrelevantlinks.

title:	Sol Ideas Technology Development 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solideas.com%2F
desc:	Learnhowtobuildyourveryownnanocrystallinedye-sensitizedsolarcell.

title:	Solar Energy International 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarenergy.org%2F
desc:	Classroomandhands-oneducationforpracticalapplicationsinsolarpower,windpower,waterpower,andenergyefficientbuildingdesigns.Alsooffersenergyawarenessthroughyouthcampsandin-schoolactivities.

title:	The Solar School Initiative 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsolarschools.org%2F
desc:	Asolarschoolisanytypeofeducationalestablishmentthatusesasolarenergysystemthatisvisiblefromschoolgroundsasateachingtool.

title:	Solar Schoolhouse 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.solarschoolhouse.org%2F
desc:	Educationprograms,videosandsolarenergyrelatededucationtoolsforteacherstouseinteachingsolarenergytopics.

title:	Solar-Active 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnew.solar-active.com%2F
desc:	Offerseducationalresources,workshopsandcoursesinsustainabledevelopment,energyefficiencyandrenewableenergytechnologies.

title:	Vehicle Technologies Office 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fenergy.gov%2Feere%2Fvehicles%2Fvehicle-technologies-office
desc:	ReviewsofenvironmentallyfriendlytransportationtechnologiessupportedbytheUSDOEOfficeofTransportationTechnologies.Includessupportinginformationresources,financialopportunitiesandcollege-leveleducationactivities.

title:	Wisconsin K-12 Energy Education Program (KEEP) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FTechnology%2FEnergy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwsp.edu%2Fcnr%2Fwcee%2Fkeep%2F
desc:	KEEP'smissionistoinitiateandfacilitatethedevelopment,dissemination,implementation,andevaluationofenergyeducationprogramswithinWisconsinschools.Includesactivityguides,curriculummaterials,inserviceinformation,linksandpublicationsforteachers.

title:	Center for Civic Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEducation%2FCivics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.civiced.org%2F
desc:	Nonprofitgroupwhichspecializesincivicandcitizenshipeducation,law-relatededucation,andinternationalexchangeprogramsineducationindevelopingdemocracies.Centerhistory,news,programs,publications,alumninetwork,research,andrelatedlinks.

title:	Choices Education Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEducation%2FCivics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.choices.edu%2F
desc:	Bringstolifecurrentandhistoricalpublicpolicyissuesforhighschoolstudents.Includesworkshops,classroommaterials,andmailinglist.

title:	Close Up 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEducation%2FCivics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.closeup.org%2F
desc:	Anonprofit,nonpartisancitizenshipeducationorganizationthatpromotesresponsibleandinformedparticipationinthedemocraticprocessthroughavarietyofeducationalprograms.

title:	Constitutional Rights Foundation 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEducation%2FCivics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcrf-usa.org%2F
desc:	PublisherofU.S.Constitutioncurriculummaterials.Alsoprovidesfreelessonplansandnewslettersonline.

title:	GovSpot 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEducation%2FCivics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.govspot.com%2F
desc:	Governmentandcivicsinformationportalthatsimplifiesthesearchforonlineregional,state,nationalandinternationalgovernmentresourcesincludingelectioninformation.

title:	iCivics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEducation%2FCivics&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.icivics.org%2F
desc:	Web-basededucationprojectdesignedtoteachstudentscivicsandinspirethemtobeactiveparticipantsinU.S.democracy.FoundedbyJusticeSandraDayO'Connoroutofherconcernthatstudentsarenotgettingtheinformationandtoolstheyneedforcivicparticipation,andthatcivicsteachersneedbettermaterialsandsupport.

title:	Calls for Papers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcalls.eserver.org%2F
desc:	Announcementofcallsforpapersforconferencepresentations,scholarlyjournalarticlesandeditedanthologiesinthefieldssurroundingEnglishdepartments.

title:	English Grammar Help 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.grammarmechanics.com%2F
desc:	NonprofitorganizationteachingEnglishgrammarandrelatedEnglishlanguageskillsthroughinteractiveanimatedcartoons.

title:	English without Accent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fenglishwithoutaccent.com%2F
desc:	Amethodtoreduceaforeignaccentovertheinternetbyalicensedspeechandlanguagepathologist.

title:	Promote Yourself With Better Grammar. 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bettergrammar.org%2F
desc:	Informationandprintablepracticeexercisesonnounsandverbs,fromthebookseries.

title:	Scripps   National Spelling Bee 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.spellingbee.com%2F
desc:	Includesweeklyliterature-basedwordactivities,alistingoflocalspellingbees,thehistoryofthenational(American)event,rules,andanswerstofrequentlyaskedquestions.

title:	Silly-plurals 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Flists.beasts.org%2Fmailman%2Flistinfo%2Fsilly-plurals
desc:	Mailinglistfordiscussionofpluralformsofwords,andannouncementsofnewdiscoveries.Archivesandsubscriptioninformation.

title:	The Story Tent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.storytent.co.uk%2F
desc:	AresourceforliteracyandoracythroughstoryinschoolsintheUK,BelgiumandtheNetherlands.Tellingsusepuppets,mask,mimeandparticipation.Supportmaterialsprovided.

title:	TutorPal 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation%2FLanguage_Arts%2FEnglish&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tutorpal.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesreferencestoresourcesforHEL(historyoftheEnglishlanguage)theIPA,grammar,andhomeschoolmaterials.Privatetutoringandlessonsarealsoavailable.

title:	Advanced Research Team on History and Epistemology of Moving Image Study 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arthemis-cinema.ca%2F
desc:	ResearchteambasedatConcordiaUniversityinMontreal.Offersresourcesandvideolecturesaboutthehistoryandepistemologyoffilmandmovingimagestudies.Alsoincludesanannotatedbibliography.

title:	Barry Casson 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.speakfilm.com%2F
desc:	Motivationalspeakeronthetopicoffilmmaking.Seminardetails,resume,testimonials,andcontactinformation.

title:	Bobby Logan's 1-Day $99 Film School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2F1dayfilmschool.com%2F
desc:	Crashcourseinmakingandmarketingalow-budgetfeaturefilm.Overview,informationabouttheteacher,andupcomingclassschedule.

title:	City Eye Media Centre 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.city-eye.co.uk%2F
desc:	MediacentreaswellasfilmandvideoworkshopbasedinouthamptonandHampshire,UnitedKingdom.

title:	Cut It Training 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cut-it.tv%2F
desc:	Offersfilmproductionandvideoproductiontraining.Profile,coursesandtraininglocations.London,UK.

title:	H-Net: Film and History 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.h-net.org%2F%7Efilmhis%2F
desc:	Existstofurthertheuseoffilminteachingandresearch,todisseminateinformationaboutfilmandfilmuse,toworkforaneffectivesystemoffilmpreservation,andtoorganizeperiodicconferencesandseminarsdealingwithfilm.

title:	HowStuffWorks: How Movie Projectors Work 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.howstuffworks.com%2Fmovie-projector.htm
desc:	Graphicexplanationoftheprojectionsystemthatmakeswatchingamovieatatheaterpossible.ByJeffTyson.

title:	KeyLightCompany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.keylightcompany.com%2F
desc:	Offersconsultingandseminarsoriginallydevelopedfromgraduatecoursesonpsychologyandfilm.Backgroundinformation,staff,services,news,andupcomingevents.

title:	Movie Extras Resources & Registration 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.moviex.com%2F
desc:	ResourcesforpotentialmovieandTVextrasandactors.JointheFilmExtrasCoalitionforcastingtips.

title:	Participate Film Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fparticipate.com.au%2F
desc:	Offersa12-monthpart-timecourseduringwhichstudentsmakeafeature-lengthfilmwhilelearningabouttheprocess.Overview,enrollmentinformation,graduateprofiles,andresources.Sydney,Australia.

title:	Robert McKee's Story Seminar 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmckeestory.com%2F
desc:	Three-daycoursecoveringaspectsofstorytelling.Backgroundinformation,syllabus,seminardates,famousgraduates,registrationinformation,anddiscussionforum.

title:	ScreenSite 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.screensite.org%2F
desc:	Linkstofilmeducation,resources,productioncompanies,newsgroupsandchatrooms.

title:	Society for Cinema and Media Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmstudies.org%2F
desc:	Promotesthescholarlystudyoffilm,television,andvideo.

title:	Student Filmmakers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FMovies%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studentfilmmakers.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforaspiringfilmmakers.

title:	ArtisTree 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fartistree.org%2F
desc:	Agrassrootsmodelforintegratingarts,education,andentertainment;enrichingchildrenofallagesthroughdanceinstruction,art,andtheatre.

title:	Galaxy - Arts in Education Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.galaxy.ciu10.com%2F
desc:	BiographicallistingofperformersandartistsinvolvedinGalaxyschooloutreachartsprogram;informationonhowschoolsandartistscanparticipate.

title:	AmosWEB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amosweb.com%2F
desc:	Resourcesforeconomicseducators.Includesonlinelessonplansandarticlesappropriateforhigh-schoollevelcourses.

title:	Economic Education Web from University of Nebraska Omaha 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fecedweb.unomaha.edu%2F
desc:	ContainslessonplanswithactivitiesforK-12economicsteachers.AlsolinksofgeneralinterestforK-12anduniversityeconomicseducators.

title:	Economic-truth 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.economic-truth.co.uk%2F
desc:	Onestudent'snotesandessayscoveringeconomicstopicsfromsecondaryschoolthroughtheundergraduatelevel.

title:	Foundation for Teaching Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fte.org%2F
desc:	Offersfreeworkshopsforhighschooleducatorsandstudents.Workshopdates,locations,andregistrationinformation,aswellasresources,activities,andlessonplansforteachingeconomics.

title:	Gus A. Stavros Center for Free Enterprise and Economic Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstavros.coedu.usf.edu%2F
desc:	PromotestheintegrationoffreeenterpriseandeconomiceducationintotheK-12curriculum.LocatedattheUniversityofSouthFlorida.

title:	IMF Center - EconEd Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.imf.org%2Fexternal%2Fnp%2Fexr%2Fcenter%2Feconed%2F
desc:	Teacherguides,lessonplans,onlineexhibitions,factsandstudentinteractivesforfifthgradethroughhighschool,fromtheInternationalMonetaryFund'seconomicseducationcenter.

title:	Introductory Economics 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.econ100.com%2F
desc:	Econ100isaninternationalwebsiteforstudentsofeconomicsthatsupportsseveralprinciplesofeconomicstextsbyMichaelParkin

title:	Principles of Microfinance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.microfinanceinfo.com%2F
desc:	Collectionofbriefessaysonthemicrofinanceindustry.

title:	Stossel in the Classroom 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fstosselintheclassroom.org%2F
desc:	DedicatedtoJohnStossel's20/20segments,willsendafreeDVDwithsomeofStossel'ssegmentstoeducators;alsohasfreeonlineteacher/studentstudyguidesaccompanytheDVD

title:	Stuff: economics, baseball, computers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fyknot.terapad.com%2F
desc:	Informationforthebeginningstudentoneconomics,banking,internationalfinance,stocks,accounting,jobsearchandscholarships.

title:	Times 100 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FEconomics%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbusinesscasestudies.co.uk%2F
desc:	Astudentandteacherbusinessstudiesresourcecentreincludingcasestudies,theory,teachingmaterialsandlessonplans.

title:	The Why Files 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwhyfiles.org%2F
desc:	Well-researched,educationaldescriptionsoftheactualsciencebehindcurrentnewsstories.FromtheUniversityofWisconsin,supportedbytheNationalInstituteforScienceEducationoftheNSF.

title:	15 Degree Laboratory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.15degreelab.com%2F
desc:	Avisualcognitionresearchanddevelopmentlaboratory,locatedatLouisianaStateUniversity,forimprovingbiologicalandbotanicallearningviavisualprobes,templatesandfilters.

title:	Action Bioscience 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.actionbioscience.org%2F
desc:	Examinestheconditionofbioscienceliteracythroughcurrentissuesonenvironment,biodiversity,genomics,biotechnology,evolution,andbiology.Peer-reviewedarticlesareacceptedfromscientistsandeducators.

title:	Ben BiosciEdNet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biosciednet.org%2F
desc:	Extensivedigitallibraryofbiologicalresourcesforbiologyteachingandresearchatalleducationallevels.Requiresafreeregistration.

title:	Bio-Alive Life Science Video Share 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbio-alive.com%2F
desc:	Lifescientistscanshareandwatchvideosonline.Videoscanberelatedbutnotlimitedtobiology,neuroscience,histology,pathology,immunology,laboratorymethods,techniquesandprocedures.

title:	BioAnim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bioanim.com%2F
desc:	Educationalsiteandsoftwareforbiologyandmedicineinhighandsecondaryschools.Providesanimationsofbiologicalprocesses(inVRMLformat).

title:	Bioinformatics Education Dissemination: Reaching Out, Connecting, and Knitting-together 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbioquest.org%2Fbedrock%2F
desc:	BEDROCKisanNSF-fundedprojectaimedatintegratingbioinformaticsthroughouttheundergraduatebiologycurriculum,encouragingstudentstoexploreandanalyzeactualdatainawaythatrecreatestheexperienceofconductingresearch.

title:	BioInteractive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biointeractive.org%2F
desc:	Interactivevirtuallabs,animations,andwebvideosthroughwhichonecanlearnaboutvariousaspectsofbiology.Alsooffersavirtualmuseum.

title:	Biology and Genetics Teaching Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biology-resources.com%2F
desc:	TeachingresourcesforbiologyandgeneticsbyDGMackean,includingPowerPointpresentationsandexperimentalwork.MainlyforGCSEandIGCSE.

title:	The Biology Project 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biology.arizona.edu%2F
desc:	Hastutorialsandproblemsetsforlearningbiochemistry,cell,developmental,human,andmolecularbiology,Mendeliangenetics,andimmunology.

title:	Brain Connection to Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbrainconnection.positscience.com%2Fedu%2F
desc:	Informationforanyoneinterestedinapplyingthelatestbrainresearchtobestpracticesineducation.

title:	CosmoLearning: Biology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cosmolearning.com%2Fbiology%2F
desc:	Offersfreeonlinecourses,videos,photosandvideolecturesbyqualifiedbiologists.

title:	Digital Anatomist Interactive Atlases 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww9.biostr.washington.edu%2Fda.html
desc:	InteractiveAtlasesshowviewsoforgansreconstructedfromslices.

title:	DnaTube 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dnatube.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesanumberofshortscientificvideosprovidedbyDnaTubememberswhowishtosharetheirscientificexperiences.Mostmembersaregraduatestudentsfromuniversitiesaroundtheworld.

title:	FreeVideoLectures.com: Biosciences 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffreevideolectures.com%2Fbiosciences.html
desc:	Providesvideolectures,onlinecoursesandanimationsonarangeofbiologyandneurosciencetopics.

title:	Fun Trivia: Biology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.funtrivia.com%2Fquizzes%2Fsci__tech%2Fbiology.html
desc:	Shortbiologyquizzestotestyourknowledgeandunderstanding.

title:	Incubation and Embryology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fextension.illinois.edu%2Feggs%2F
desc:	Ahands-onprojectthatteachesscienceandrespectforlife.

title:	Inner Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.innerbody.com%2F
desc:	Welcometohumananatomyon-line,aplaceforfun,interactiveandeducationalviewsofthehumanbody.

title:	Life 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbsrc.ac.uk%2Flife%2F
desc:	Thescienceandissuesbehindmodernbiologicalresearch.

title:	The MAD Scientist Network 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.madsci.org%2F
desc:	Ask-A-Scientist,funeducationalactivities,andinformationresources-fromWashingtonUniv.-St.Louis.

title:	Online Biology Textbook 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fusers.rcn.com%2Fjkimball.ma.ultranet%2FBiologyPages%2F
desc:	ExcellentintroductorybiologytextadaptedfromprintversionbyDr.JohnW.Kimball,retiredfromHarvardUniversity.

title:	Virtual Labs 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hhmi.org%2Fbiointeractive%2Fbrowse%3Ffield_bio_format_type%3D23451
desc:	ProvidesguidestoproceduresinlaboratoriesincludingTransgenicFly,BacterialIdentification,Cardiology,NeurophysiologyandImmunologyprovidedbytheHowardHughesMedicalInstitute.

title:	Visible Body 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.visiblebody.com%2F
desc:	3Dhumananatomyvisualizationtoolprovidingdetailedmodelsofallbodysystems.

title:	Astronomy In Your Hands 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.astronomyinyourhands.com%2F
desc:	Includesacollectionofhands-onastronomyactivitiesforclassroomandhome.AfeatureisthedownloadablestarwheelwithaversionavailableforeverylatitudeonEarth.

title:	Astronomy Page for Science Explained 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.synapses.co.uk%2Fastro%2Findex.html
desc:	Offersfreelessonsinastronomy.ThecourserunsfromCoversidentificationofstars,constellationsandplanets,andphysics.

title:	Australia Telescope Outreach and Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Foutreach.atnf.csiro.au%2F
desc:	ProvidesthemediaandthegeneralpublicwithinformationabouttheAustraliaTelescopeNationalFacilityandalsoprovideseducationalresourcesonmanyaspectsofastronomy.

title:	BBC Science - Space 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bbc.co.uk%2Fscience%2Fspace
desc:	BringouterspaceonlinewiththeBBCOnline'sguidetoastronomy

title:	Celestial Navigation Net 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.celestialnavigation.net%2F
desc:	Anannotatedhubsiteofresourcesrelatingtonavigatingbythestars,includingtheory,practice,history,instruments,andclassroomlinks.

title:	Chris Matzner's List of Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cita.utoronto.ca%2F%7Ematzner%2Fsvc%2Fresources.html
desc:	Helpfullinksforgraduateandundergraduateastronomystudents.Includessoftwareinformation,literaturetopics,statisticaldataanalysis,andpresentationtips.

title:	ESO Outreach 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eso.org%2Fpublic%2Foutreach%2F
desc:	TheEuropeanSouthernObservatory'sprogramforstudentandkids.Includesevents,scienceshowsandmultimediamaterial.

title:	Evening Diploma in Astronomy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.phys.ucl.ac.uk%2Fpart-time%2FPTAstro%2F
desc:	Part-timeundergraduateDiplomainAstronomybyeveningstudyatUCL,London.

title:	From Stargazers to Starships 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww-istp.gsfc.nasa.gov%2Fstargaze%2FSintro.htm
desc:	TutorialandhistoricalexpositionofthemotionofEarthinspace,Newtonianmechanicsandspaceflight,onahighschoollevel.

title:	Hands-On Universe (HOU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.handsonuniverse.org%2F
desc:	HOUparticipantsaroundtheworldrequestobservationsfromanautomatedtelescope,downloadimagesfromalargeimagearchive,andanalyzethemwiththeaidofuser-friendlyimageprocessingsoftware.

title:	Heavenly Mathematics: Highlights of Cultural Astronomy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.math.nus.edu.sg%2Faslaksen%2Fteaching%2Fheavenly.shtml
desc:	Aninterdisciplinarycourseonculturalastronomy.Thecoursehasagoalofimpartinganunderstandingofbasicastronomicalphenomenaandanappreciationoftheirculturalsignificancethroughouttheworld.

title:	Infrared Imaging 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ipac.caltech.edu%2FOutreach%2FEdu%2FGuess%2F
desc:	Learnaboutinfraredimagingbyviewingavarietyofobjectsintheinfrared.

title:	Learning Astronomy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.learningastronomy.com%2F
desc:	Learnabouttheuniversebylookingatanimations,videosandphotographs.Includessectionsonbackyardastronomy,earthandmoon,thesolarsystem,starsandgalaxies.

title:	Multiwavelength Astronomy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcoolcosmos.ipac.caltech.edu%2Fcosmic_classroom%2Fmultiwavelength_astronomy%2Fmultiwavelength_astronomy%2F
desc:	Discusseswhichcelestialobjectsappearineachpartofthespectrumandshowswhythereisaneedtosendtelescopesintospace.Pageincludesphotos,games,classroomactivities,andrelatedresources.

title:	Mysteries of Deep Space 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pbs.org%2Fdeepspace%2F
desc:	PBScompanionsiteexploresthesecretsoftheuniversewithaninteractivetimeline,classroomactivities,atriviachallenge,andquestionsandanswerswithexperts.

title:	The National Schools Observatory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FAstronomy%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.schoolsobservatory.org.uk%2F
desc:	Offersaccesstoprofessionaltelescopesworldwideforobservationsmadebyschoolchildrenandteachers.

title:	City College of San Francisco - Retail Floristy Program 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Departments&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ccsf.edu%2FDepartments%2FEnvironmental_Horticulture_and_Floristry%2Ffl%2F
desc:	OffersanAssociateofSciencedegreeandanAwardofAchievementinRetailFloristry.Includesadmissionrequirements,facultyroster,curriculumandcourseschedules.

title:	Wikipedia Portal: Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FPortal%3AArchaeology
desc:	Agatewaytothemanyarticlesonarchaeologyinthisonlinecollaborativeencyclopedia.Includesnewsandfeaturedarticlesandimages.

title:	About.com: Archaeology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchaeology.about.com%2F
desc:	ArticlesanddirectoryofInternetsites,includingaworldatlasofarchaeologyontheweb.

title:	Ancient-Wisdom.Co.Uk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ancient-wisdom.co.uk%2F
desc:	Thelostchaptersofhistory.Prehistoricscienceandtechnology.Anomalousarchaeology.Indexofancientandsacredsites.

title:	Archaeolink 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archaeolink.com%2F
desc:	Reviewedandcategorizeddirectoryofresourcesonarchaeology,anthropology,andancientcivilizations.

title:	Archaeological Research Resources 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.har-indy.com%2FLinks.html
desc:	InternetdirectorymaintainedbyHistoricArchaeologicalResearchofhistoryandarchaeologywebsites,includingorganizations,directories,technicalreferences,onlinepublications.

title:	The Archaeology Channel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archaeologychannel.org%2F
desc:	ArchaeologyandrelatedsubjectspresentedthroughstreamingmediabytheOregon-basedArchaeologicalLegacyInstitute.Videoscanbeviewedon-lineandpurchased.

title:	Archaeology Info 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archaeologyinfo.com%2F
desc:	Coverssignificantdiscoveriesfromarchaeologyabouthumanorigins.Illustrateddescriptionsofhominids,withreferences.Articles,images,bookstoreandlinks.

title:	Archaeology Pages 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.jqjacobs.net%2Fanthro%2F
desc:	ArchaeologyrelatedarticlesandgalleriesbyJamesQ.Jacobs,coveringarchaeogeodesy,prehistory,paleoanthropology,theAndes,Mesoamerica,AmericanSouthwestandrockart.

title:	Archaeology: An Introduction 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.staff.ncl.ac.uk%2Fkevin.greene%2Fwintro%2F
desc:	KevinGreene'sselectionofInternetlinkstosupplementthe4theditionofhisbook,bychapterandsection,withalphabeticalindex.

title:	ArchaeologyOnline 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Farchaeology.blogspot.com%2F
desc:	Archaeologywebsites,withsomeanthropologythrownin.

title:	ArchArt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.archart.it%2F
desc:	Adirectoryofphotographsforeducationaluserelatingtoarchaeologyandarthistory.

title:	Bibliographies for Anthropological Research 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcapone.mtsu.edu%2Fkesmith%2FTNARCHNET%2FPubs%2FRes_Bib.html
desc:	TennesseeArchaeologyNetprovidescategorizedbibliographies.

title:	Introduction to Ancient Culture 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.taisei.co.jp%2Fkodaitoshi%2Fcivil_e%2Fcivilization.html
desc:	Virtualtripthroughancientsitesacrosstheworld.

title:	Saving Antiquities For Everyone 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.savingantiquities.org%2F
desc:	Highlightsissuesrelatedtoculturalheritageanditsvulnerabilitytolootingandtheillicitantiquitiestrade.SAFE'smissionistoincreasepublicawarenessoftheimportanceofpreservingculturalheritageworldwide.

title:	Unearthing Cultural Treasures 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FSocial_Sciences%2FArchaeology&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sptimes.ru%2Fstory%2F15673
desc:	OpedpiecefromtheSt.PetersburgTimes.

title:	Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FBiochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fonlinelibrary.wiley.com%2Fjournal%2F10.1002%2F%28ISSN%291539-3429
desc:	Journallaunchedtopromoteeducationalaspects,withshortreviews,preparationforlectures,seminars,studentpresentationsandlaboratoryexperimentsfromStanfordUniversity.

title:	Biochemistry III: Animal Processes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FBiochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.acs.edu.au%2Fcourses%2FBiochemistry-III-Animal-Processes-425.aspx
desc:	ProvidesdetailsofcorrespondenceandonlinecoursesinbiochemistryofferedbyACSDistanceEducation.

title:	The Biology Project: Biochemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FBiochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biology.arizona.edu%2Fbiochemistry%2Fbiochemistry.html
desc:	Problemsets,links,andinteractiveactivities.

title:	The Biology Project: Molecular Biology 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FBiochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.biology.arizona.edu%2Fmolecular_bio%2Fmolecular_bio.html
desc:	Problemsetsandtutorialsonnucleicacid,recombinationandexpression,withemphasisongeneticsofprokaryotes,attheUniversityofArizona.

title:	Medical Biochemistry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FBiochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fthemedicalbiochemistrypage.org%2F
desc:	DetailedpresentationofnumerousbiochemistrytopicsfromIndianaUniversitySchoolofMedicine.

title:	Molecular Biology Web Book 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FBiochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.web-books.com%2FMoBio%2F
desc:	ChaptersincludeCellsandViruses,ProteinStructureandFunction,NucleicAcids,GenomicsandProteomics,CellSignalingandApoptosis,BiotechnologyandBioinformaticswithintroductiontoGenesandDisease.AuthorsincludeAlbertsandLodish,basedinSlingerlands,NY.

title:	Protein Data Bank 101 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FBiochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology%2FEducation&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpdb101.rcsb.org%2F
desc:	EducationalportaloftheProteinDataBankmanagedbytheResearchCollaboratoryforStructuralBioinformatics.

title:	Research Peptides 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=Science%2FBiology%2FBiochemistry_and_Molecular_Biology%2FEducation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fresearchpeptides.com%2F
desc:	Thisresourceprovidesabasicintroductiontothefieldofpeptidechemistryalongwithsomeapplicationsofpeptides.

title:	Boerma Instituut 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dutchfloraldesign.com%2F
desc:	BasedinAalsmeer,Netherlandsandofferingbeginner,intermediate,advancedandspecialtytrainingincontemporaryDutchdesign.Detailscoursesandincludesschedulesandinstructor'sbackgroundinformation.

title:	California Flower Art Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.california-academy.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesinstructioninEuropean,AmericanandIkebanastyles,andshadowboxartwithlocationsinSanJoseandBurlingame,California.Includesprofileofdirectorandcoursedescriptions.

title:	Canadian Institute of Floral Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.proflorists.net%2F
desc:	ProfessionaldesignprogramlicensedbytheOntarioMinistryofTraining,CollegesandUniversitiesofferingdayandeveninginstruction.Includescoursedescriptions,schedulesandregistrationform.

title:	David-Curtis School of Floral Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.david-curtis-school.com%2F
desc:	StateofOhiocertifiedschoolofferingathreeweekprofessionalprograminfloraldesignandflowershopoperations.Includescatalog,syllabusanddiscussionforum.

title:	Floral Art School of Australia 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.floral-art-school.com.au%2F
desc:	OffersdayandeveningclassesinElsternwick,Victoriaaswellasdistancelearninginstruction.Includesinformationonprofessionalandhobbyistopportunitiesanddesigntips.

title:	Floral Design Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.floraldesigninstitute.com%2F
desc:	OfferscoursesforhobbyistsandprofessionalsfromcampusesinSeattle,WashingtonandPortland,Oregonandthroughdistancelearning.Includescoursedescriptions,schedulesandstaffcredentials.

title:	Flower Design of Britain 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fdb-flower.com%2F
desc:	FloristryandflowerarrangingschoolinEnglandforbothprofessionalsandamateurs.Includescoursedescriptions,schedule,andenrollmentform.

title:	Flower School New York 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.flowerschoolny.com%2F
desc:	ProvidesbeginnercoursesandspecialtyclasseswithfloralartistsincludingMichaelGeorgeandChrisGiftos.Includesvideodemonstrationexcerpt.

title:	Hong Kong Academy of Flower Arrangement 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hkafa.com.hk%2F
desc:	Providebeginnerandadvancedclassesandprivateinstructionindesign,planninganddisplayforhobbyistsandprofessionals.Includescoursedescriptions,schedulesandonlineenrollment.[EnglishandChinese]

title:	Institut de Artflor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.idartflor.com%2F
desc:	HongKong-basedstatelicensedschoolofferingbeginnercoursesandadvancedtrainingincontemporarystyles.Listsworkshopsbytopicandincludesanimagegallery.

title:	International Florist Academy and School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.interfloristschool.com%2F
desc:	Montreal-baseddesignschoolofferingtrainingtoamateursandprofessionals.Includesdirectorprofile,coursedescriptions,scheduleandpricelist.[English,French]

title:	Judith Blacklock Flower School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.judithblacklock.com%2F
desc:	Offerscertificatedcoursesintheartofflowerarranging.Describescoursesandincludesschedule,locationmapandimagesgallery.

title:	Kay's School of Floristry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kaysschool.com%2F
desc:	Providescoursesincommercialflowerarrangingandfloristry.LocatedinDublin,Ireland.

title:	Mami Flower Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mamifds.co.jp%2F
desc:	Tokyo-basedschoolofferinginstructioninHanakubari,contemporaryandclassicfloralstyles.IncludesimagegalleriesandinspiriationaltextsfrommasterintructorsMamiandKeitaKawasaki.[EnglishandJapanese]

title:	Nobleman School of Floral Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.noblemanschool.com%2F
desc:	Singapore-basedschoolofferinginstructioninclassicandcontemporaryflowerarrangingforprofessionals.Featuresinstructorprofiles,imagegalleries,scheduleandcoursedescriptions.

title:	Out of the Bloom Flower School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.outofthebloom.com%2F
desc:	London-basedprogramofferingdaily,weeklyandmonthlyworkshopsforhobbyistsandprofessionals.Includescurriculum,instructor'sprofileandbrochure.

title:	Palmer School of Floral Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpalmerschooloffloraldesign.com%2F
desc:	Colorado-basedprogramofferingbeginnerandadvancedtrainingforprofessionals.Describescoursesandpolicies,includesinstructor'sprofile,schedule,andonlineregistration.

title:	Pearsons School of Floristry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pearsonsschool.com.au%2F
desc:	Sydney,Australiabasedfloraldesignschoolofferinginstructionforhobbyistsandprofessionals.Includescurriculum,schedule,newsandimagegalleries.

title:	Phil Rulloda School of Floral Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.philrulloda.com%2F
desc:	Californiastatelicensedschoolofferingbasic,advanced,wedding,silk,andtropicalflowertrainingandshopmanagementcourses.Detailsclassesandlistsscheduleandcredentials.

title:	Rittners School of Floral Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.floralschool.com%2F
desc:	Floralartdesignswithcolorphotosandinstructions,freeflowerarranginglessonsandindustryinformation.

title:	UK School of Floristry 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukschooloffloristry.com%2F
desc:	BeginnerandadvancedtrainingforhobbyistsandprofessionalfloriststaughtbyIanLloyd.Includescourseoutlinesandonlineregistration.

title:	Vermont Academy of Floral Design 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vafd.com%2F
desc:	OffersbasicandadvancedinstructionwithspecialtyclassesinEuropeanstyles,permanents,weddings,holidaysandchurchdecor.Includesscheduleandregistrationform.

title:	Zen Flowers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=arts&cat=Arts%2FCrafts%2FFlowers%2FEducation%2FSchools_and_Academies&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.zenflowers.com%2F
desc:	FloralschoolsprovidinginstructioninastyledevelopedbyHarumiNishithatblendsclassicWesternandEasterndesignphilosophies.Includescoursedescriptions,books.LocationsinTokyo,NagoyaandOsaka.English,Japanese.

title:	Informator uczelniany 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FPolski%2FNauka_i_edukacja%2FInstytucje%2FUczelnie&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuczelnie.maszyna.pl%2F
desc:	LinkidouczelniwPolsce,wyszukiwarka.

title:	ABADIR - Accademia di Design e Arti visive 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione%2FUniversit%C3%A0&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abadir.net%2F
desc:	Presentalematerie,gliinsegnantieilpercorsoformativodell'accademia.

title:	AlmaLaurea 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione%2FUniversit%C3%A0&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.almalaurea.it%2F
desc:	ConsorzioInteruniversitarioperfavorireemonitorarel'inserimentodeilaureatinelmondodellavoro.Bancadatideicurriculumdeilaureati.

title:	Ammissione.it 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FItaliano%2FConsultazione%2FIstruzione_e_Formazione%2FUniversit%C3%A0&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ammissione.it%2F
desc:	Presentaitestdiammissioneamedicinaechirurgia,veterinariaeallescuolespecialistichediodontoiatria,einfermieristica.

title:	Business-Courses 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FStudenten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.business-courses.nl%2F
desc:	Geefteenoverzichtvanbusiness-courses.DaarnaastiserdemogelijkheidvoorstudentenomhunCVtoetevoegen.

title:	E-thesis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FStudenten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ethesis.net%2F
desc:	Licentiaatsverhandelingenendoctoraalscriptiesvanstudenten.Opthemaenauteurgerangschikt.

title:	Gemakkelijk Leren 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FStudenten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gemakkelijkleren.nl%2F
desc:	MultimediaprogrammavoorleerlingenvanVO,MBO,HBOenuniversiteitmettechniekenomstuderengemakkelijker,snellerenleukertemaken.

title:	Landelijke Studenten VakBond 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FStudenten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lsvb.nl%2F
desc:	DeLandelijkeStudentenvakbondisdebelangenbehartigervoorallestudenteninhetNederlandseHogerOnderwijs(HBOWO).

title:	MAK 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FStudenten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmaktilburg.nl%2F
desc:	HoudtzichvoornamelijkbezigmethetbegeleidenvandeeerstejaarsstudentenaandeEconomischeFaculteitaandeUniversiteitvanTilburg.

title:	Stichting Vicarie Sancti Nicolai van 27 october 1501 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FStudenten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vicarie.org%2F
desc:	InformatieovereenmiddeleeuwsevicariestichtinguitGelderlanddiejaarlijkstoelagenuitkeertaanstuderendenuitdefamilieVanBastenBatenburgenBatenburg.

title:	Studieinfo.nl 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FStudenten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studieinfo.nl%2F
desc:	Linkpaginavoorstudenten.

title:	Studiosus.nl scripties en verslagen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FStudenten&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.studiosus.nl%2F
desc:	Websitemetvolledigetedownloadenscriptiesenverslagen.

title:	ANS 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ans-online.nl%2F
desc:	AlgemeenNijmeegsStudentenblad.MaandbladUnversiteitNijmegen.

title:	Campuskrant 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kuleuven.be%2Fck%2F
desc:	DriewekelijkstijdschriftvandeK.U.Leuven.Archiefvaneerdereedities,regelmatigebijdragenvooroud-studentenenlezersbrieven.

title:	Cursor 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tue.nl%2Fcursor%2F
desc:	UniversiteitsbladvandeTUEindhoven.Laatstenummerendoorzoekbaararchiefvanaf1995.

title:	Delta online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.delta.tudelft.nl%2F
desc:	UniversiteitsbladvandeTUDelft.Webeditie,laatstenummer,archiefenuitgaansagenda.

title:	Erasmus magazine 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erasmusmagazine.nl%2F
desc:	OnlineeditievanhetbladvandeErasmusUniversiteitRotterdam.Laatstenieuws,archiefvaneerdereeditiesenagenda.

title:	Folia Civitatis 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.foliacivitatis.nl%2F
desc:	WeekbladvandeUniversiteitvanAmsterdam.Laatsteeditieendoorzoekbaararchiefvanaf2002.

title:	Mare 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mareonline.nl%2F
desc:	ArtikelenuithetLeidsuniversitairweekblad.Metarchief.

title:	Observant Online 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.observantonline.nl%2F
desc:	WeeklbladvandeUniversiteitMaastricht.Laatsteeditieenarchiefvanaf1998.

title:	Univers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FNieuws_en_Media&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvt.nl%2Funivers%2F
desc:	WeekbladvandeUniversiteitvanTilburg.Service-informatieeneendoorzoekbaararchiefvanaf2000.

title:	Stichting Proefjes 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=science&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FWetenschap%2FOnderwijs&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.stichtingproefjes.nl%2F
desc:	Biedteenvoudigeproefjesovernatuurkunde,scheikundeenbiologievoorkindereninhetbasisonderwijs,uittevoerenmetalledaagsespullenendelesmaterialenzijngratisbeschikbaarvoorgebruikindeklas.

title:	Bibliotheek Haagse Hogeschool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsites.dehaagsehogeschool.nl%2Fbibliotheek%2Fhome
desc:	Openingstijden,nieuweaanwinstenenelektronischehelpdesk.Ooktoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(WebOPACvanInfor).

title:	Bibliotheek Hogeschool Inholland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inholland.nl%2Fbibliotheek%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdebibliothekenindeverschillendevestigingen.Gebruikersinformatie,dienstenentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(VubisWebvanGeac).

title:	Bibliotheek Hogeschool PXL (Hasselt) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pxl.be%2FPub%2FStudenten%2FVoorzieningen-Student%2FBibliotheek.html
desc:	Algemeneinformatie,overzichtvandatabankenentoegangtotdecatalogusvandevirtuelebibliotheek(OLIBWebViewvanOCLC).

title:	Bibliotheek Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunsten Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rijksakademie.nl%2FNL%2Fcollecties-bibliotheek%2Fbibliotheek-1%2F
desc:	Collectie-omschrijving,diensten,openingstijdenenlidmaatschap.Tevenstoegangtotdecatalogus(WWWOPACvanAdlibsoft).

title:	Bibliotheek van de Theologische Universiteit Kampen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tukampen.nl%2Fportal-informatiepagina%2Fbibliotheek-algemeen
desc:	Toegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(OPC4vanPica).

title:	Bibliotheek Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vub.ac.be%2FBIBLIO%2F
desc:	BibliotheekvandeVrijeUniversiteitBrussel(VUB):consultatievaninformatiebronnen(VUBcatalogus,gegevensbanken,relevanteinternetbronnen)eninformatieoverdebibliotheek(openingsuren,gebruikersgids).

title:	Erasmushogeschool Brussel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erasmushogeschool.be%2Fbiblio%2F
desc:	Portaalvandebibliothekenmetalgemeneinformatieoverdedienstverleningentoegangtotdecatalogus(VubisWebvanInfor).

title:	Faculteitsbibliotheek PPW Gent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Flib.ugent.be%2Fnl%2Flibraries%2FPPW
desc:	Gebruikersdocumentatievoorpsychologieenpedagogischewetenschappen,beschikbaretijdschriftabonnementeneneenselectielinks.

title:	Fontys Mediatheek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Ffontys.nl%2Fmediatheek%2F
desc:	Wikeenweblogmetmediatheek-gerelateerdeinformatie.EntoegangtoteenbreedarsenaalaanalgemeneenFontysinformatiebronnen.

title:	Mediacentrum Windesheim 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fvubis.windesheim.nl%2F
desc:	ToegangtotdecatalogusmetmaterialendiefysiekinhetMediacentrumaanwezigzijn.

title:	Mediatheek Christelijke Hogeschool Ede 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fintra.che.nl%2Fwebopac%2Fvubis.csp
desc:	OnlinepubliekscatalogusvandeMediatheekvandeCHE(WebopacvanInfor).

title:	Mediatheek Hanzehogeschool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hanze.nl%2Fhome%2FOver%2Bde%2BHanzehogeschool%2FVoorzieningen%2Bvoor%2Bstudenten%2FHanzeMediatheek%2F
desc:	Vestigingsadressenvandediverselokaties,informatieoverIBLenverwijzingnaardeonlinecatalogus(OBNvanPica).

title:	Mediatheek Hogeschool Rotterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.hogeschoolrotterdam.nl%2Fvoorlichting%2Fvoorzieningen%2Fmediatheek%2F
desc:	Algemeneinformatie,collectie-opbouwentoegangtotdegezamenlijkecatalogus(VubisWebvanGeac).

title:	Mediatheek Hogeschool Zeeland 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhz.nl%2Fnl%2Fstuderen-aan-de-hz%2Ffaciliteiten%2Fmediatheek%2FPages%2FWelkom.aspx
desc:	Gebruikersinformatieeneenselectielinks.TevenstoegangtotdegezamenlijkeonlinecatalogusvandeZeeuwseBibliotheken(VubisWebvanGeac).

title:	Mediatheek Open Universiteit 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ou.nl%2FeCache%2FDEF%2F1%2F612.html
desc:	Collectie-opbouw,eenselectielinksenveelgesteldevragen.Tevenstoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus,ondergebrachtbijdeUniversiteitsbibliotheekUtrecht(AlephvanExLibris).

title:	Mediatheken Hogeschool van Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bib.hva.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(WWWOpacvanAdlib).

title:	Mediatheken Hogeschool van Utrecht 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mediatheek.hu.nl%2F
desc:	GemeenschappelijkestartpaginavanallemediathekenvandeHogeschoolvanUtrecht.Tevenstoegangtotdegezamenlijkecatalogus(VubisWebvanGeac).

title:	Saxion Bibliotheek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.saxionbibliotheek.nl%2F
desc:	InformatieoverbibliothekenvandeSaxionHogescholen.MetlocatiesinApeldoorn,DeventerenEnschede.

title:	UC Leuven Bibliotheken 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucll.be%2Fstuderen%2Fstudent-aan-ucll%2Fdiensten-voor-studenten%2Fbibliotheken
desc:	Informatieoverdeacht8bibliothekenmetwerkplekkenencollectiesterondersteuningvanstudentenenpersoneelvoorstudieenonderzoek.

title:	UKB 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ukb.nl%2F
desc:	Platformvandeuniversiteitsbibliotheken,deKoninklijkebibliotheekenhetNIWI.Nieuws,activiteiteneneenselectielinks.

title:	Universiteit Hasselt Bibliotheek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbibliotheek.uhasselt.be%2Fnl
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus.

title:	Universiteit van Tilburg - Bibliotheek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tilburguniversity.edu%2Fnl%2Fover%2Funiversiteitsbibliotheek%2F
desc:	Algemeneinformatie,opbouwvandecollectiesentoegangtotdecatalogusenandereopenbarebestanden.

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek  Leiden 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fub.leidenuniv.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogusvandeuniversiteitenandereLeidseinstituten,zoalsASC,NINOenKITLV(OBNvanPica).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.eur.nl%2Fub%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(OBNvanPica).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Groningen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rug.nl%2Fbibliotheek%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(OBNvanPica).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Katholieke Universiteit Leuven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbib.kuleuven.be%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(IPACvanLibis).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Nijenrode 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Flibrary.nyenrode.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(AlephvanExLibris).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Radboud Universiteit Nijmegen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ru.nl%2Fubn%2F
desc:	Nieuws,dienstenentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus.

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Technische Universiteit Delft 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.library.tudelft.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(AlephvanExLibris).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Technische Universiteit Eindhoven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tue.nl%2Funiversiteit%2Fbibliotheek%2F
desc:	Nieuws,aanbodvandiensteneneenselectielinks.Tevenstoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(VubisWebvanExtensity).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Universiteit Gent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Flib.ugent.be%2F
desc:	Gebruikersinformatie,overzichtvanelektronischebronnenentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(AlephvanExLibris).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Universiteit Maastricht 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Flibrary.maastrichtuniversity.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatie,eenselectielinksentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(OBNvanPica).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Universiteit Twente 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utwente.nl%2Fub%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(OBNvanPica).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Universiteit van Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcf.uba.uva.nl%2Fnl%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatie,productenendiensten.Tevenstoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(OBNvanPica).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Universiteit voor Humanistiek 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uvh.nl%2Fonderwijs%2Fstudentenzaken%2Fbibliotheek
desc:	Nieuws,collectie-opbouweneenselectielinks.TevenstoegangtotdeonlinecatalogusviaeenindexbijdeUniversiteitsbibliotheekUtrecht(AlephvanExLibris).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Utrecht 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uu.nl%2Funiversiteitsbibliotheek
desc:	Gebruikersinformatie,eenselectielinkseneenruimedatabankaanfulltextproefschrifteninpdf-formaat.Tevenstoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(AlephvanExLibris).

title:	Universiteitsbibliotheek Vrije Universiteit (VU) Amsterdam 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FNaslag%2FBibliotheken%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ubvu.vu.nl%2F
desc:	Nieuws,gebruikersinformatieentoegangtotdeonlinecatalogus(GeoWebvanGeac).

title:	Euskal   Ikasketen Programa 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FHezkuntza%2FUnibertsitatea&url=http%3A%2F%2Fbasque.unr.edu%2F
desc:	RenokoUnibertsitatean(Nevada,EEBB)

title:	RESA 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FEuskara%2FHezkuntza%2FUnibertsitatea&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.resa.es%2F
desc:	Unibertsitarienelkarterakozerbitzudunalojamendu-sarea.EuskalHerrianbidaude;BilbonetaGasteizen.

title:	Helsingfors universitet 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FSvenska%2FReferenser%2FUtbildning%2FUniversitet_och_h%C3%B6gskolor%2FFinland%2FHelsingfors_universitet&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.helsinki.fi%2Funiversitetet%2F
desc:	Faktaomuniversitetet,dessfakulteterochinstitutioner.

title:	Artesis Hogeschool Antwerpen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.artesis.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoveropleidingen,beroepen,inschrijvingen,opendeurdagenensocialevoorzieningen.Voorwerknemersenstudenteniserintranet.

title:	Artesis Plantijn Hogeschool Antwerpen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ap.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoverdeopleidingen,onderzoek,studentenvoorzieningenennieuws.

title:	Arteveldhogeschool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.arteveldehogeschool.be%2F
desc:	Nieuws,vacatures,informatieoverdeopleidingenvooraankomendestudenteneninformatieoverorganisatieenvoorzieningen.

title:	Erasmushogeschool Brussel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erasmushogeschool.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoveropleidingen,onlinestudiegidseneninformatieovervacatures.

title:	Fiscale Hogeschool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fhs.be%2F
desc:	Postuniversitaireopleidingenoverfiscaliteitenfinancieelbeheer.Zowelkorteinformatieoversnelcursussenopditgebiedalsinformatieoverdelangeopleiding.Sitebedoeldvoortoekomstigestudenten.

title:	GroepT Hogeschool Leuven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.groept.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoveropleidingen,deorganisatie,vacatures,nieuwsendecampus.

title:	Hogere Zeevaartschool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hzs.be%2F
desc:	Opleidingofficierenterlangeomvaart.Sitebedoeldvooraankomendestudenten,metfoto'svanactiviteiteneninstrumenteneneenWebcammetzichtopdeScheldestad.

title:	Hogeschool Gent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hogent.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoveropleidingen,begeleidingenvacatures.Verdervoorstudenteneenstudentenweb.

title:	Hogeschool PXL 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.pxl.be%2F
desc:	Voorstudenten:informatieoverdeorganisatie,blackboardennieuws.Vooraankomendstudenteninformatieoveropleidingen.Hasselt.

title:	Hogeschool Sint-Lukas Brussel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sintlukas.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoveropleidingenendiensten.

title:	Hogeschool Vives 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.vives.be%2F
desc:	biedteenaantalprofessioneelgerichtebacheloropleidingenaan.Dehogeschoolteltzescampussen:Brugge,Oostende,Kortrijk,Roeselare,TieltenTorhout,enbiedtdaarnaastonderwijsopafstand.

title:	Hogeschool voor Wetenschap & Kunst 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wenk.be%2F
desc:	InformatievooraankomendstudentenoverdeopleidingenvandezehogeschoolinBrussel,Gent,LeuvenenSt.Katelijne-Waver.

title:	Hogeschool West-Vlaanderen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hogeschool-wvl.be%2F
desc:	Informatievoortoekomstigestudentenoveropleidingenenleerklimaatvandezehogeschool.

title:	Karel de Grote Hogeschool 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kdg.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoverzesstudiegebieden,dedepartementen,vacaturesennieuws.

title:	Katholieke Hogeschool Brugge - Oostende 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.khbo.be%2F
desc:	Bredeinformatievooraankomendestudentenoveropleidingen,restaurantsinBruggeenstudentenverenigingen.

title:	Katholieke Hogeschool Kempen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.khk.be%2F
desc:	Nieuws,vacatureseninformatieoveropleidingenvoortoekomstigestudenten.

title:	Katholieke Hogeschool Leuven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FHogescholen%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.khleuven.be%2F
desc:	Voortoekomstigestudenten:informatieoverstudentenkringen,opleidingenenalgemeneinformatieoverdezekatholiekehogeschool.

title:	Hogeschool-Universiteit Brussel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hubrussel.be%2F
desc:	Algemeneinformatie,opleidingen,onderzoekendiensten.

title:	Katholieke Universiteit Leuven 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kuleuven.be%2F
desc:	Deadministratieveenondersteunendediensten,faculteiten,nieuwsenevenementen.

title:	Katholieke Universiteit Leuven Campus Kortrijk 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kuleuven-kortrijk.be%2F
desc:	Bekijkhetonderwijsaanbod,algemeneinformatie,onderzoekpersubfaculteit,activiteitenendebibliotheek.

title:	Universiteit Antwerpen 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.uantwerpen.be%2F
desc:	Destudies,voorzieningen,onderwijs,onderzoekennieuws.

title:	Universiteit Antwerpen Management School 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.antwerpmanagementschool.be%2F
desc:	Verzorgtopleidingenvoortoekomstigeenhuidigemanagersopvelevakgebieden.Informatieoverdedoelstellingenenopleidingen.

title:	Universiteit Gent 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ugent.be%2F
desc:	Bevatinformatieoverdefaculteiten,hetwetenschappelijkonderzoekendestudentenverenigingen.

title:	Universiteit Hasselt 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uhasselt.be%2F
desc:	Informatieoveropleidingen,onderzoeksgroepeneninstitutenvoor(toekomstig)studenten,alumnienpersoneel.

title:	VLIR 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vlir.be%2F
desc:	IndeVlaamseInteruniversitaireRaadgeeftinformatieoverdoel,activiteiten,ontwikkelingssamenwerkingenscholarships.

title:	Vrije Universiteit Brussel 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=World%2FNederlands%2FOnderwijs%2FHoger_Onderwijs%2FUniversiteiten_en_Hogescholen%2FUniversiteiten%2FBelgi%C3%AB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vub.ac.be%2F
desc:	Algemeneinformatie,studeren,activiteitenenmedia.

title:	American University in Cairo Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aucpress.com%2F
desc:	PublishersofavarietyofArabicliteratureinEnglishtranslationaswellasscholarlymonographs,referenceworksandgeneralbooksonancientandmodernEgyptandtheMiddleEast.

title:	Amsterdam University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aup.nl%2F
desc:	PublishesacademicbooksandjournalsinEnglishandDutch.

title:	Association of American University Presses Directory 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Faaupnet.org%2Fmembership%2Fdirectory.html
desc:	ContactinformationandlinkstohomepagesofmembersoftheAAUP.

title:	Bucknell University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.bucknell.edu%2FUniversityPress.xml
desc:	Smallpublisherofliterarystudiestitles.

title:	Cambridge University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cambridge.org%2F
desc:	Worldwideacademicpublisherofmorethan150journalsandabout2,500newbooksannually.

title:	Carnegie Mellon University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cmu.edu%2Funiversitypress
desc:	Asmallpublisherfocusingonliteraryworks,especiallypoetry.

title:	The Catholic University of America Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcuapress.cua.edu%2F
desc:	Especiallystrongintheology,churchhistory,andmedievalstudies.

title:	Columbia University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcup.columbia.edu%2F
desc:	Publisherofreferenceandacademictitles.

title:	Copenhagen Business School Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbspress.dk%2F
desc:	PublishesEnglish-languagetitlesinmanagement,economics,andorganization.

title:	Cork University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.corkuniversitypress.com%2F
desc:	TheoldestuniversitypressinIrelandpublishesbooksinIrishstudies.

title:	Cornell University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cornellpress.cornell.edu%2F
desc:	Informationonbooktitles,authors,selectedreviews,andawardsreceived.

title:	Duke University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dukeupress.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicandgeneralbooksandjournals.

title:	Duquesne University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dupress.duq.edu%2F
desc:	Publishinginmedievalstudies,philosophy,psychology,andreligion.

title:	Edinburgh University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.euppublishing.com%2F
desc:	Scottishpublisherofacademicbooksandjournals.

title:	Fairleigh Dickinson University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fdupress.org%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksinliterarystudies,history,sociology,religionandotherfields.

title:	Fordham University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fordhampress.com%2F
desc:	Publishesprimarilyinthehumanitiesandthesocialsciences.

title:	Gallaudet University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fgupress.gallaudet.edu%2F
desc:	Publisherofbooksincontemporarydeafstudies,deafhistory,specialeducation,children'sbooks,signlanguage,andASLlinguistics.

title:	Georgetown University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpress.georgetown.edu%2F
desc:	Booksinethics,internationalaffairs,linguistics,andpoliticalscience.

title:	Harvard University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hup.harvard.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksinthehumanitiesandthesocialandnaturalsciences.

title:	Howard University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.hupress.howard.edu%2F
desc:	PublishesbooksinAfricanAmericanstudiesandAfricanstudies.

title:	Indiana University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iupress.indiana.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksandjournalsinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences.ParticularlystronginAfricanstudies,anthropology,filmstudies,philosophy,andpoliticalscience.

title:	Johns Hopkins University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.press.jhu.edu%2F
desc:	Scholarlypublisherofbooksandjournals.

title:	Kent State University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kentstateuniversitypress.com%2F
desc:	Publishesinhistory,literarystudies,poetry,andtitlesofregionalinterestforOhio.

title:	Louisiana State University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Flsupress.org%2F
desc:	Generalinterestandscholarlybooks,especiallyinSouthernhistoryandliterature.

title:	Marquette University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.marquette.edu%2Fmupress%2F
desc:	Publishesscholarlyworksinphilosophy,theology,andhistory.

title:	McGill-Queen's University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mqup.ca%2F
desc:	Canadianpublisherofacademicbooksinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences.

title:	Mercer University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mupress.org%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksinhistory,philosophy,religion,andSouthernstudies.

title:	Michigan State University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmsupress.org%2F
desc:	AscholarlypublisherofbooksandjournalsespeciallyinAfricanStudies,AfricanAmericanStudies,Americanandworldhistory,andregionalinterest.

title:	MIT Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmitpress.mit.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksandjournalsinart,architecture,computerscience,AI,cognition,economics,andotherselectedareas.

title:	Monash University  Publishing 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.publishing.monash.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesanumberofjournalsandbooksinonlineelectroniceditions.

title:	New York University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nyupress.org%2F
desc:	Publisherofacademicbooksandelectronicmediapublishingforgeneralinterestandinawidevarietyoffields.

title:	Northern Illinois University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.niupress.niu.edu%2F
desc:	Publishestitlesinhistory,politics,anthropology,andliterature,andregionalinteresttitles.

title:	Northwestern University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnupress.northwestern.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesbookandjournalsinthehumanities,especiallyphilosophy,literature,andcontemporaryEuropeanwritersintranslation.

title:	Ohio State University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=https%3A%2F%2Fohiostatepress.org%2F
desc:	Publishesscholarlybooks,especiallyinAmericanhistory,thehistoryofcrimeandcriminaljustice,andpoliticalscience.

title:	Ohio University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ohioswallow.com%2F
desc:	Publisherofliteraryandscholarlybooks.

title:	Oregon State University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fosupress.oregonstate.edu%2F
desc:	SmallpublisherofbooksrelatedtoOregonandthenorthwestaswellasbooksinenvironmentalstudies.

title:	Oxford University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oup.com%2F
desc:	OUPisthelargestuniversitypressintheworldandpublishesinallacademicfields,frommultipleofficesaroundtheworld.ThissiteofferslinkstoallOUPofficesandpublicationprograms.

title:	Pennsylvania State University Press (Penn State Press) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.psupress.org%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicbooksandjournals,especiallyarthistory,philosophy,literature,religion,andpoliticalscience.

title:	Princeton University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpress.princeton.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesgeneralandscholarlybooksinhumanities,socialsciences,andnaturalscience.

title:	Purdue University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thepress.purdue.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesprimarilyinbusiness,technology,health,andveterinarymedicine.

title:	The Rockefeller University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.rupress.org%2F
desc:	Booksandjournalsinbiomedicalscience.

title:	Rutgers University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Frutgerspress.rutgers.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicbooksespeciallyculturalstudies,genderstudies,sociology,ethnicstudies,andregionalbooks.

title:	San Diego State University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsdsupress.sdsu.edu%2F
desc:	PublishesinLatinAmericanstudies,criticaltheory,andliterature.

title:	Southern Illinois University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.siupress.com%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences,especiallyliterarycriticism,philosophyandreligion,history,speechcommunication,andrhetoric.

title:	Stanford University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sup.org%2F
desc:	PublisheroftradeandacademicbooksinAsianstudies,art,businessandmanagement,anthropology,history,literarytheory,andthesocialsciences.

title:	State University of New York Press (SUNY Press) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sunypress.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesbookssocialsciencesandhumanities,especiallyineducation,philosophy,religion,Jewishstudies,Asianstudies,politicalscience,andsociology.

title:	Sydney University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fsydney.edu.au%2Fsup%2F
desc:	PublishesAustraliantitlesindigitalandprintondemandeditions.

title:	Syracuse University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.syracuseuniversitypress.syr.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicbooksespecially,Irishstudies,MiddleEasternstudies,medievalstudies,NativeAmericanstudies,andregionalinteresttitles.

title:	Temple University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.temple.edu%2Ftempress%2F
desc:	Publisherofbooksinthesocialsciencesandhumanities.Bookcatalogs,events,pressinformation,andrelatedlinks.

title:	Texas A&M University Press Consortium 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tamupress.com%2F
desc:	PublishesbooksonTexas,militaryhistory,borderlandstudies,andsouthwestculture.

title:	Texas Tech University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fttupress.org%2F
desc:	Publishesregionaltitles,naturalhistoryandenvironmentalstudies,WesternAmericana,andVietnamWarandSoutheastAsianstudies.

title:	Texas Western Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Ftwp.utep.edu%2F
desc:	BooksonthehistoryandculturesoftheAmericanSouthwest.

title:	The University of Akron Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uakron.edu%2Fuapress%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksinhistory,politics,poetry,andregionaltitles.

title:	University of Alabama Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uapress.ua.edu%2F
desc:	Regionalandscholarlypublisherofbooksandjournals.

title:	University of Alaska Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alaska.edu%2Fuapress%2F
desc:	BooksrelatedtoAlaskaandtheArcticregion.

title:	The University of Alberta Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uap.ualberta.ca%2F
desc:	Publicationsincludebooksinhistory,literature,regionalinterest,andotherfields.

title:	The University of Arizona Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uapress.arizona.edu%2F
desc:	EspeciallystrongintheAmericanWest,anthropology,Latinostudies,andenvironmentalstudies.

title:	University of Arkansas Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uapress.com%2F
desc:	Arkansasandregionalstudies,aswellasbooksofnationalinterest.

title:	Association of Franciscan Colleges and Universities 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.franciscancollegesuniversities.org%2F
desc:	Represents18memberinstitutionswhichofferhighereducationintheFranciscanspiritualandintellectualtraditionattheundergraduateandgraduate(mastersanddoctoraldegrees)level.

title:	The Center for Measuring University Performance 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fmup.asu.edu%2F
desc:	Researchenterprisefocusedontheissuesofmeasuringuniversityperformanceandrankingsoftoppublicresearchuniversities.

title:	Council of Independent Colleges 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cic.edu%2F
desc:	Providesprofessionalandeducationaldevelopmentservicesforthepresidents,deans,andfacultyforover500independentliberalartscollegesanduniversities.

title:	International Association for Management Education (AACSB) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.aacsb.edu%2F
desc:	Accreditingagencyforbachelor's,master'sanddoctoraldegreeprogramsinbusinessadministrationandaccounting.

title:	International Association of Universities (IAU) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iau-aiu.net%2F
desc:	IAUmembersareindividualuniversitiesandmajorregionalandnationaluniversityorganisations(approximately150differentcountries).

title:	Postsecondary Education Opportunity 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.postsecondary.org%2F
desc:	Policyresearchonopportunityforpostsecondaryeducationandtraining.

title:	Society for Research into Higher Education (SRHE) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FOrganizations&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srhe.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Aimstoimprovethequalityofhighereducationthroughtheencouragementofdebateandpublicationonissuesofpolicy,ontheorganisationandmanagementofhighereducationinstitutions,andonthecurriculum.

title:	University of British Columbia Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ubcpress.ubc.ca%2F
desc:	Canadianuniversitypresswithstrengthsinpoliticalscience,Nativestudies,andforestry.

title:	University of Calgary Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpress.ucalgary.ca%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences,withspecialfocusontheCanadianPlains.Alsopublishesjournals.

title:	University of California Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ucpress.edu%2F
desc:	Publisherofbooksandjournalsforacademicandgeneralreadersinallfieldsofinquiry.

title:	University of Chicago Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.press.uchicago.edu%2F
desc:	Academicandgeneralbooks.

title:	University of Chicago Press, Journals Division 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.journals.uchicago.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesabout50journalsinthesocialsciences,humanities,education,biologicalandmedicalsciences,andphysicalsciences.

title:	University of Delaware Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww2.lib.udel.edu%2Fudpress%2F
desc:	Specializesinliterarystudiesandhistory

title:	The University of Georgia Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ugapress.org%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksinavarietyofdisciplines.Includesnonfiction,southernregionalstudies,poetry,andtheenvironment.

title:	University of Hawaii Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uhpress.hawaii.edu%2F
desc:	Academicpublisherofbooksandjournals,especiallyinAsianandPacificstudies.

title:	University of Illinois Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.press.uillinois.edu%2F
desc:	Publisherofbooks,journals,andelectronicpublications.

title:	University of Iowa Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uiowapress.org%2F
desc:	Publishesscholarlyandgeneralinterestbooksincludingpoetry,shortfiction,andliterarycriticism;aswellasMidwestregionalinterestbooks.

title:	University of Massachusetts Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.umass.edu%2Fumpress%2F
desc:	Publishesscholarlyandgeneralinterestbooksinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences.

title:	University of Michigan Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.press.umich.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicandgeneralbooksaboutcontemporarypolitical,social,andculturalissues.

title:	University of Minnesota Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upress.umn.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicandgeneralbooksespeciallyinliterarytheory,mediastudies,andgayandlesbianstudies,aswellasregionalinterest.

title:	University of Missouri Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fpress.umsystem.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesscholarlyandregionalinterestbooks.

title:	University of Nebraska Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnebraskapress.unl.edu%2F
desc:	PublishesbooksandjournalsespeciallyinAmericanhistory,theAmericanWest,andNativeAmericanstudies.

title:	University of New Mexico Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unmpress.com%2F
desc:	PublishesbooksonthehistoryandcultureofNewMexicoandtheSouthwest,anthropology,LatinAmerica,photography,art,Chicanostudies,andliterature.

title:	University of New South Wales Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.newsouthpublishing.com%2F
desc:	PublishesprimarilyAustralianstudiesandnaturalhistory.

title:	University of North Carolina Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Funcpress.unc.edu%2F
desc:	Publisherofgeneralandacademicbooksandjournalsinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences.SpecialemphasisontheCivilWarandSouthernculture.

title:	University of Notre Dame Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fundpress.nd.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesinmanyfields,butespeciallyinreligion,philosophy,medievalstudies,andIrishstudies.

title:	University of Oklahoma Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.oupress.com%2F
desc:	Publishesscholarlybooks,especiallyNativeAmericanstudies,classics,naturalhistory,andregionalinteresttitles.

title:	University of Pennsylvania Press (Penn Press) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upenn.edu%2Fpennpress%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicbooksinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences,especiallyclassics,art,Americanhistory,andregionalbooks.

title:	University of Pittsburgh Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fupress.pitt.edu%2F
desc:	PublishesinacademicareassuchasEastEuropeanstudies,literarystudies,historyofscience,andregionalbooksaswellasinpoetryandshortfiction.

title:	University of Queensland Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uqp.uq.edu.au%2F
desc:	BookswithanAustralianfocus,includingextensivelistsinfictionandpoetry.

title:	University of South Carolina Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sc.edu%2Fuscpress%2F
desc:	Publishesscholarlybooks,especiallyinliteratureandreligion,andbooksaboutSouthernhistoryandculture.

title:	University of Tennessee Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Futpress.org%2F
desc:	Publisherofacademicbooks,especiallyinAmericanstudies,AfricanAmericanstudies,religion,folklore,andbooksaboutAppalachiaandtheSoutheast.

title:	University of Texas Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Futpress.utexas.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesgeneralandacademicbooksandjournalsinhumanities,socialsciences,andnaturalscience,andbooksofregionalinterest.

title:	University of Toronto Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.utpress.utoronto.ca%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksandjournalsofacademicandgeneralinterest.SpecialstrengthsinmedievalandRenaissancestudies,literature,andCanadianhistory.

title:	University of Utah Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uofupress.com%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksonsubjectsincludinganthropology,linguistics,history,andeco-criticism.Providesalistoftitles,submissiondetails,andmediainformation.

title:	University of Virginia Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upress.virginia.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences,especiallyAmericanhistory,AfricanAmericanstudies,southernstudies,literature,ecocriticism,andregionalbooks.

title:	University of Washington Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.washington.edu%2Fuwpress%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicandgeneralbooks,especiallyinanthropology,Asianstudies,art,environmentalstudies,MiddleEasternstudies,andregionalinteresttitles.

title:	University of Western Australia Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.uwap.uwa.edu.au%2F
desc:	PublishesscholarlytitlesaswellasbooksonthehistoryandcultureofWesternAustralia.

title:	University of Wisconsin Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fuwpress.wisc.edu%2F
desc:	Publishesbooksandjournalsespeciallyanthropology,literature,rhetoric,Africanstudies,filmstudies,history,politicalscience,andwomen'sstudies.

title:	University Press of Colorado 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upcolorado.com%2F
desc:	BooksinthehistoryandcultureoftheColoradoregion.

title:	University Press of Florida 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upf.com%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicandgeneralbooks,especiallyinFloridiana,literarystudies,andLatinAmericanandCaribbeanstudies.

title:	University Press of Kansas 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kansaspress.ku.edu%2F
desc:	Publisherofscholarlybooksinpoliticalscience,militaryhistory,Americanhistory,presidentialstudies,governmentandpublicpolicy,environmentalstudies,andphilosophy.

title:	University Press of Kentucky 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.kentuckypress.com%2F
desc:	Publishesacademicandgeneralbooks,especiallyinfilmstudies,militarystudies,andregionalinterest.

title:	University Press of Mississippi 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upress.state.ms.us%2F
desc:	Academicandgeneralbooks,especiallyfocusedonSouthernculture.

title:	University Press of New England 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.upne.com%2F
desc:	Supportedbyaconsortiumofschools:BrandeisUniversity,DartmouthCollege,theUniversityofNewHampshire,NortheasternUniversity,TuftsUniversityandUniversityofVermont.Specializinginthehumanities,ethnicstudies,liberalarts,fine,decorative,andperformingarts,literature,NewEnglandculture,andinterdisciplinarystudies.

title:	Vanderbilt University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.vanderbilt.edu%2Funiversity-press%2F
desc:	Publishesacademictitlesinthehumanitiesandsocialsciences,includinghealthcareandeducation.

title:	Washington State University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsupress.wsu.edu%2F
desc:	SmallpublisheroftitlesontheAmericanWestandtheNorthwestregion.

title:	Wayne State University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwsupress.wayne.edu%2F
desc:	PublisherofscholarlybooksaswellasgeneralworksfocusedonMichiganandtheGreatLakes.

title:	Wesleyan University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wesleyan.edu%2Fwespress%2F
desc:	Publishesliteratureandculturalstudies;bestknownfortheWesleyanPoetrySeries.

title:	West Virginia University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwvupressonline.com%2F
desc:	Smallpublisherofregionalinterestbooks.

title:	Wilfrid Laurier University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wlupress.wlu.ca%2F
desc:	Publishesregionalinterestbooksaswellasscholarlybooksinhistory,philosophy,literature,andsociology.

title:	Yale University Press 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=shopping&cat=Shopping%2FPublications%2FUniversity_Presses&url=http%3A%2F%2Fyalebooks.co.uk%2F
desc:	Publisheroftradeandacademicbooksinart,history,science,religion,philosophy,psychology,andlanguages.

title:	Learning Without Frontiers 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FTransdisciplinary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unesco.org%2Feducation%2Flwf%2F
desc:	Asatransdisciplinaryinitiative,LWFrepresentsUNESCO'spro-activeresponsetoaddressingthedeepsocialandpoliticalproblemsthatconfronthumanityastheyrelatetotheroleoflearninginsociety.

title:	Association for Integrative Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FTransdisciplinary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.units.miamioh.edu%2Faisorg%2F
desc:	AISistheprofessionalassociationforinterdisciplinarians,withacertainfocusontransdisciplinarity.Theysponsoranannualconference,aquarterlynewsletter,anannualjournal(IssuesinIntegrativeStudies),andpublications.

title:	The Cal Poly Pomona Journal of Interdisciplinary Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FTransdisciplinary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cpp.edu%2F%7Ejis%2F
desc:	Onlinearticlesandinformationabouttheeditorialboardandacallforpapers.

title:	Center for the Interdisciplinary Research of Emotions 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FTransdisciplinary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fresearch.haifa.ac.il%2F%7Eemotions%2F
desc:	Synthesizesworkindisciplinesincludingphilosophy,literature,anthropology,psychologyandpsychiatry.Informationonpublications,conferences,projectsandplannedresearch.

title:	Center for Theoretical Study 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FTransdisciplinary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cts.cuni.cz%2F
desc:	CTSisaninstituteofadvancedstudies,jointlyadministratedbyCharlesUniversityandtheAcademyofSciencesoftheCzechRepublic,Prague.CTSseekstobridgethegapbetweenhumanitiesandsciences.

title:	Interdisciplinary Nineteenth Century Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FTransdisciplinary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nd.edu%2F%7Eincshp%2F
desc:	Detailsonthisinternationalgroupofscholarsdedicatedtointerdisciplinarydiscussionandresearch.Containsinformationonmembershipandjournal.

title:	NMNH Interdisciplinary Research Projects 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FTransdisciplinary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mnh.si.edu%2Frc%2Finter_disc_res_progs.html
desc:	Informationaboutprogramsaddressingtopicsincludingterrestrialandmarinebiologicaldiversity,globalclimatechange,geneticresearchandecosystemmodeling.

title:	Society for Interdisciplinary Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FTransdisciplinary&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.sis-group.org.uk%2F
desc:	UK-basedorganizationforcatastrophistinformationandresearch,includingtherolecosmiccatastrophesmayhaveplayedinourhistory.Onlinejournals,events,messageforumandlinks.

title:	International Youth Leadership Institute 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FOrganizations%2FStudent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iyli.org%2F
desc:	YouthorganizationforAfricanAmericanandLatinohighschoolstudents.ProvidesleadershipandcommunicationtrainingandoverseasstudyprogramtoAfrica,LatinAmericanandtheCaribbean.

title:	The Student Center 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FOrganizations%2FStudent&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.student.com%2F
desc:	Webcommunityforcollegestudents,highschoolstudents,andteens.Plentyofusefulinformation,entertainment,andanentireStudentHUBsectiondedicatedtostudentsmeetingotherstudents.

title:	About.com: Distance Learning 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDistance_Learning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fdistancelearn.about.com%2F
desc:	News,articles,resources,anddiscussionofdistancelearning.

title:	Coursera 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDistance_Learning&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.coursera.org%2F
desc:	Socialentrepreneurshipcompanythatpartnerswithtopuniversitiesaroundtheworldtoofferfreecoursesonlineforanyonetotake.Includescoursesandlistofuniversities.

title:	US News & World Report - Online Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDistance_Learning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.usnews.com%2Feducation%2Fonline-education
desc:	Collectedresourcesandnewsaboutonlineeducation.Compareonlinecollegesandtheirofferings.

title:	Wikipedia - Distance Education 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDistance_Learning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FDistance_education
desc:	Crowd-sourcedencyclopediaarticleincludeshistory,types,technologiesandimpacts.

title:	Wikipedia - Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FDistance_Learning&url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FMassive_open_online_course
desc:	Crowd-sourcedencyclopediaarticleaboutthehistory,approachesandimpactoffreeonlinedistancelearning.

title:	Theater Academy 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FEurope%2FFinland%2FTheater_Academy&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.teak.fi%2Feng%2F
desc:	Auniversityofperformingartactingasanartsandresearchcentrefortheatreanddance.

title:	Alfred University Virtual Tours 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FVirtual_Tours&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.alfred.edu%2Fvirtual_tour%2F
desc:	Provides360degreepicturesandwebcamviewsofthiscampus.Alsooffersadmissionsinformationanddetailsonareaattractions.

title:	CampusTours 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FVirtual_Tours&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.campustours.com%2F
desc:	Offersvirtualcampustoursofcollegesanduniversities.Toursarecomprisedofphotos,360-degreepanoramas,webcams,videos,andanimatedinteractivetours.

title:	College Visits 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FVirtual_Tours&url=http%3A%2F%2Fcollege-visits.com%2F
desc:	Offersthecollegeboundstudentafirst-handlookatcollegesanduniversitiesthroughouttheUnitedStates.

title:	Collegiate Explorations 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FVirtual_Tours&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cetours.com%2F
desc:	Schedulenationwidecollegetours,campusvisits,andeducationaltripsforhighschoolandmiddleschoolstudentsforgroupsandindividuals.Includesaccesstovirtualtours.

title:	eCampusTours.com 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FVirtual_Tours&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecampustours.com%2F
desc:	Virtualcampustours,plusothertoolsforcollegeplanningandscholarshipresearch.

title:	Hollins University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FVirtual_Tours&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ecampustours.com%2FVirtualTours%2FDefault.aspx%3FFafsaCode%3D003715
desc:	Avirtualtourofthecampus,includingtheWyndhamRobertsonLibrary,theRidingCenter,theAthleticComplex,andtheTinkerResidenceHallforfirst-yearstudents.

title:	Virtual UNC-Chapel Hill 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=reference&cat=Reference%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities%2FVirtual_Tours&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ibiblio.org%2Functour
desc:	Learnaboutthecampus,studentlife,andArnie,thevirtualtourguide.

title:	International Islamic University, Chittagong 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.iiuc.ac.bd%2F
desc:	Offersunder-andpost-graduatecoursesinscience,administration,lawandShariah,artsandhumanities,andArabiclanguage.[Bangladesh]

title:	Islamic American University 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islamicau.org%2F
desc:	AprojectoftheMuslimAssociationofAmerica,offeringcampus-basedanddistancelearningcoursesinIslamicstudies;specializesinpreparingimamsandteachers.

title:	Islamic College for Advanced Studies 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.islamic-college.ac.uk%2F
desc:	Anindependentcollegeforfurtherandhighereducation,inLondon,UK.Includesdetailsofcourseoffered,facilities,admission,publications,andcollegepolicies.

title:	The Muslim College 
link:	http://dmoztools.net/public/flag?t=society&cat=Society%2FReligion_and_Spirituality%2FIslam%2FEducation%2FColleges_and_Universities&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.muslimcollege.ac.uk%2F
desc:	AreligiousacademicinstitutioninLondon,UK,specializinginthestudyofIslam,itscultureandhistory.Detailsofpostgraduatecourseoffered,andregistration.

